I am enrolled in Psychology (PS001) starting June 3, 2013. How do I switch from the free version to the for-college-credit version? Or is it too late to switch?
Welcome to Psychology! We the course development team (Susan Snycerski, Greg Feist, and Lauren Castellano) are glad you have decided to take this class! We hope youre excited to get started and learn all about thought and behavior! Psychology is such a huge field, which gives us so much interesting material to cover from how psychologists do experiments to how to get a sea lion to give you a kiss!  This forum is here for you to ask questions, get to know your peers, or just here to talk more about areas of psychology that interest you. Some of the best parts of psychology classes are the discussions we have so I really want to get those discussions going here. Dont be shy, get to know your peers and get to know us, your instructors.  So tell us about yourselves. Why did you enroll in this course?
mention all 25 sub fields of psychology
What qualities make a good psychologist? 
I would have thought that knowing behavioural patterns of introverts/extroverts would give behavioural psychologists a good grounding to answer this. Is it because the learning capacity in the environment part isn't necessarily a behavioural problem?
"Says ""We define psychology at the scientific study of..."", looks like it should be ""as"" rather than ""at""
(just helping, I know most people would get the meaning) at "
Hi guys, We've built a tool to do just this. It's called www.videonot.es. www.videonot.es. Let me know if you find it useful. Best, Clment
Hi, I want to report that Problem 6 and Problem 7 have the same question. Thanks.
What is the difference between behavioral psychology and Freud's approach
Isn't the salivating dog associating opening doors with food a classic example of behaviorism?
Can negotiations be a part of IO psychology ? trying to understand the person opposite to you , and speaking the way he wants so that you can hit the deal and achieve you target ?  
"B
My background includes 72 years of living.  I have an AA degree in Human Services, that I received in the early 1980's.  I have had many experiences some pleasant and some not so.  Currently I am working as an artist (painter) and feel that this type of class may open up some interesting creative ideas as well as answer questions I have about my life and the lives of those I care about..  
How can children be influence by what they see and hear and how can they be true to there inner self or isn't there such a thing as ""who you are""? 
Is mental illness a physical illness (such as a chemical imbalance in the brain or is it a behavior issue.  Is psychology behavioral study?.
 How can children be influence by what they see and hear and how can they be true to there inner self or isn't there such a thing as ""who you are""?  Is mental illness a physical illness (such as a chemical imbalance in the brain or is it a behavior issue.  Is psychology behavioral study?."
"I don't understand why the correct answer to this question is the ""negative"" correlation , when in fact, the correlation is positive - because;  ""the more alcohol is consumed, the physical coordination gets worse"" !  The validity of such claim may be discussed but since its presented as a fact than the right answer should be the ""positive"" correlation. Right ? "
"I thought Automobile Traffic Psychology as learning people behavior while driving car and preventing them from making accidents. Like in the movie Minority report they had PreCrime department and here we may have PerAccident department.
And can any one tell me is it psychology can be defined as engineering and predicting people's behavior. "
Just my 2 cents.
"I see nothing in the ""Instruction notes"" section"
Is this supposed to be a college level class? Seems more like remedial high school level to me. 
I can't get the answer?
"I forget the slide -- but in lesson 1 there is a place where you use ""effect"" as a verb."
"That's really disappointing to hear. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extraversion_and_introversion#Introversion
""Introversion is not seen as being identical to shy or to being a social outcast. Introverts prefer solitary activities over social ones, whereas shy people (who may be extroverts at heart) avoid social encounters out of fear.[9]"" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extraversion_and_introversion#Introversion  Making such a basic mistake when talking about what is supposedly your field makes me really concerned about this course and what should I just believe, and what should I double check to make sure it's true.  Sorry if I sound aggressive, but I would really appreciate if you tried to proof read everything in order to make sure it's 100% accurate, so you don't spread misinformation as a lot of people will just take your word (me included, because I can't spend half of the time googling every sentence)"
"Why do people have an awareness of something but have difficulty taking some action about it?
Why do people so easily fall into patterns of behaviour?  Why am I doing the course? Coaching is an area of interest that I am focusing on more and more and this type of course with its accessibility appeals to me.
Louise "
"Why is it, when you can guess there is a correct answer? 
shouldn't an open-ended question and program be ok with any answer? "
"Got 0.242 seconds as my best result. You? Also, it'd be cool if you provided general information about this stuff (e.g. the average reaction time for humans) 
^ Never mind this, you provided the results for your experiment "
"I did a correct answer, but it showed "" try again.""  "
Especially in Lesson 01 What is Psychology, Those Other Fields, around the 25 second mark...ouch
Are the problem sets all we have for homework? Or is there any else that I probably overlooked?
One of the things I love about Udacity courses is that they are NOT powerpoint slides with someone talking at you. I suppose that you could do the udacity course as a powerpoint with the intermittent quiz questions to keep our attention span, but don't you think there is something about the person actually WRITING on the screen as they talk? Isn't there something about pointing to the different part of the screen with the pen, and marking up the screen as time goes on that helps us focus and pay attention to the right things? Perhaps if they are still in the midst of making this course they could make it better now by not having powerpoint slides and instead sticking to the example set by other udacity courses of writing and marking up the screen with the pen? I'm not trying to pick on the professor, I just honestly think that writing and marking up the screen is valuable, more so than powerpoint.
"Not a question, more of an fyi: I clicked the radio button and submitted my answer and it returned incorrect; but it was correct. This also happened during the orientation."
"Why not a forensic psychologist? Workplace discrimination is a crime. 
Or a behavioral psychologist? Maybe Juanita is paranoid.
I'd even think an I/O because it's a workplace issue; one that could involve E.Q. which relates to the human element of LEAN, Six-Sigma, or Kaizen.    IMO Social seems too broad --just because it involved more than one person."
how can population be a factor in the correlation study of number of ice cream cones consumed and number of drowning deaths ?
How does one transfer the credits they receive from this class to their CSU?
"What kind of variable is ""my coworkers"" in this example ? I find it neither independent nor dependent."
Duke University has a Canine Cognition Center. they are dedicated to dog psychology.. So I am a bit confused there being no such field. Duke is not the only school either.
Why we can't say anything about the strength of the correlation ? 
Wanted to Say Hi to Students from Bangalore and possibility of Meet-ups. -Suraj
How this is a matter of concern for a social psychologist??
"even after the reading the answer for this quiz, i didn't understood what is the role of cognitive psychologist.
can anyone please describe it in simple words?? "
Is there any reading material for this course?
The Q5 and Q6 seem similar, could anyone explain this better?
"Q.1 what goes on inside my/other  mind(s)  and how to make sense of it
Q.2 how communication affects thouht and behavior of people  This is my primary motive of joining the class and would be my 1st exposure to online classes as well. I don't have a background in this subject but just the curiosity which has landed me here. I hope I am at the right place.  PS : Loved the viper in the hands. Would ask my teacher here for a similar live demo the next time I am in a lab."
"Shouldn't it be ""To which of the subdisciplines does Dr. Zetterburg belong?"""
"If I input an incorrect answer, will I still receive the ""correct"" statement?"
"I joined this course to understand more about psychology esp. cognitive biases. I have been reading skeptics (a very positive term) and critical thinking people for a while, and I realized very soon how inadequate the knowledge of basic assertions like ""causation does not equal correlation"" among most people is or how systematically a study needs to be done to prove correlation itself, like trying to eliminate other variables, having a control group to adjust for the placebo effect etc. Although, these might seem nuances suitable to be known just by experts, I think that knowing them is essential in order to not get fooled by our own brains. We repeatedly fall prey to believing in untrue assertions just because we can't think it through. e.g . ""I wore these pants in exam, I got good grades. I tried it again, I again got good grades. To check, I tried wearing different paints, and I failed. Therefore, the pants cause/correlate with good grades."" First of all, one can't be sure about strong enough correlation without a good experimental study, and even then causation isn't guaranteed. Then, there are biases like confirmation biases. Because of all such shortcomings we have, pseudosciences like astrology, homeopathy and other ""alternative"" medicine, climate change denial, and 9/11 truth movement are thriving. So, I think it's pretty important to understand them, for every person to be able to make informed choices.
That said, I'm not any expert in psychology, and learning. This course will help me a lot. "
My answer is correct though the checker might not be working properly.
The instructor here assumes that random assignment will ensure that the two groups have nearly same distributions of old people/young people, males/females, people who slept well last night/people who didn't. But, I think that since it's random, it can get skewed or biased. e.g. One might think that if we toss a fair coin 30 times, almost always we'll have 15 heads, 15 tails. But, getting 11 heads, 19 tails is also possible (with a good probability). Such bias may sabotage the study (I guess). So my question is: Why not consider the factors that are most likely to influence the results, e.g. is the person male/female (first factor), is the person young/old (second factor) etc. and then ensure that both groups get same distribution in accordance with those factors, instead of leaving it to chance, by either pure manual selection on participants, or a combination of manual and random (i.e. if the random assignment turns out biased, re-assign randomly until assignment is unbiased or very lowly biased)?
"I tried all five choices; all were marked ""incorrect."""
why does the question not read area or areas? Misleading to suggest a singular answer.
I thought it was but if yes I'm not able to see how this works.
"There is any recommended textbook for the course ""Introduction to Psychology"""
"I am delighted, my nickname is Karma! 
My life motto is: Life returned to you only what you give to others. 
So...! It has meaning for me :)
THANK YOUUUUUU :)))))   "
Surely, the dog's reaction is a behavioral issue, rather than cognitive?
"I got it wrong in problem 6 in the problem set of lesson 1.
Which factor noticed in the problem shows the doctor is a  cognitive psychologist? "
What is the recommended progress for this course? Two lessons per week? Does the course have an end date?
I am confused with lesson 2 quiz question 17
So we can ignore the fact that different groups of people can (in all probability will) have different reaction times to begin with - that is with or without coffee ? Or did I not understand the explanation correctly ? would it not be better (even if slightly) to give the same person different amounts of coffee and then measure their reaction times ?
after we finish the problem set how do we know it is complete?
Hello, I have answered all the questions but my course list does not show that I have completed problem set 2.  Anyone else having that problem?
Is it possible to get course completion certificate without watching the videos online and just taking the quizzes online? online online taking the quizzes online For example: YouTube may be blocked in some countries due to which the only option would be to watch the lectures offline by downloading them.  Regards
I seem to answer instinctively but I still don't seem to understand how you see the number 4 from the dots.. is it two dots on Y and two dots on X  that make  the 4?
I just wonder, there are 25 subgroups of psychologist in the USA. Are there more or less such sub-groups in other societies  like in Europe or in more different cultures like Japan, Korea, China or India, Brazil, Russia?
"In this section, the focus was entirely on quantitative research methods. 
How about qualitative methods? Where is their place on psychology research?  "
As the subtitles of the course are already available on the video, I just hope the downloadable ones could be given for those who can get access to youtube and also non-native English speakers as quick as possible.
I don't understand the answer, could somebody explain the answer? Thanks,
Head damage needs check from the doctor, so I think clinical psychology is more suitable than biological psychology.
Why are you quoting the mean to four decimal places?
If the step is not needed to be completed then the researcher does not have to tell the participant then?
"What is the ""weak"" part in this plot?
Surely a definitive ""no relationship"" is a better answer. "
Question 5th, 6th and 7th are same with different answers. Can anybody tell how all three answers are correct? 
How is treating schizophrenia and major depression a practice side of psychology?
"Would flipping a coin guarantee  equal sized groups. I know its ""knit picking"", but there must be better ways of random selection such as picking odd and even numbers out of a bag, which contains enough for the group size. guarantee"
I s there a correlation between blood groups and introversion? or is there more confounding  variables like the dna, genomes?
My god this is slow, I can honestly say I don't feel I have learned a thing about psychology after going through everything, anyone else finding the content a bit vacuous?
"My two intrigues are: Why do we react the way we do in different situations?
The evolution of the brain and it's influence of the way we tick?   I have way more questions then this. All I know Is I want to understand human behavior and mentality. Why you react like that and I react like this. Why do you react like this now, when you reacted like this in a exact similar situation? "
There are real issues like using different time to remember but none of the options apply I guess. 
"Hello! I have finished the problem set, but still, the message ""3 days until Lesson 01 Problem Set is due"" appears. Did I do something wrong? Please help. Thanks in advance! Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
Isn't there usually a third group is studies. The Placebo group to control the lurking variable. Which in this case would be. Is it the caffeine or the idea of the caffeine that gives the faster reaction time. 
Is this an area of human activity that psychology cannot answer ?
what exactly are correlational studies?
"
Dr. Helm explains that Jared's depressive symptoms may be due to factors in his environment as well as maladaptive behaviors that have been reinforced.
 Dr. Helm explains that Jared's depressive symptoms may be due to factors in his environment as well as maladaptive behaviors that have been reinforced. I'm not clear about the environment mentioned in this question. What kind of environment does it mean? And what the difference between this environment and the one studied in social psychology?"
Sorry, this is not a question, I took the Physics course with Udacity, and wanted to give a shout out to Andy!!!! In the video he seemed caught off guard....but I love the guy and he's excellent!
i can not get any right answers and go throuth it...
"In the High Five Study; we know that high fives are independent variables and happiness is dependent variable because high five causes happiness. What about workers_? Are they affected variables or anything else_?"
doesn't a behavioral psychology also get involved to diagnose why extroverts learn in a noisy seting and why intoverts learn in a quiet one? doesn't the behavior of  a few people also affect a general outlook of the who mass of 'extroverts' or 'introverts'?
So, can we say an objective measure is that which can be mathematically verified?
Consider a scenario where the group of subjects in the control treatment have more people who are accustomed to computers than the other group(treatment), doesn't that affect their reaction time in a computer based test assuming that the test measures time between clicks or similar?
Don't we need to test the reaction times before and after the experiment to measure how caffeine affects the reaction time? One group of people may be genetically faster (on an average) than the other.
Is our biology/genetics a larger factor in human behavior OR is it just that we're able to see and quantify neurological processes with the advent of better technology?
let's say I wanted to research an individual to find out why they behave in a certain way and why they think a certain way, what kind of research do I need to perform and how would I go about doing that?
I've completed so far Unit 1 and Unit 2. When the rest of the units will be available?
"Just a note: The online reaction test seems not to render properly in some browsers (Firefox 21 on Linux, in my case). The button is just a thin line, maybe 3 pixels thick, and the screen does not turn black, as in the videos, just the text (""stop"") disappears."
"I have some question about personality study. I will also be glad to receive any ""sources"" or links. Is it perfect possible to change personality traits ?
I guess personality is something hard to be changed. While are able to improve important abilities that ""compensate"" or complement aspects of the personality the fact is that a bigger part of our personality is defined by genes or in our first years of life . But we see situations like person with multiple-personality or even DNA changes through life so it sounds personality is much more easily changeable then I used to think.  changed. Genetics and Drugs
Medicine is starting to develop personalized drugs adapted to ""genetical code""/DNA. Are there specific genes related to personality ? Will we see in the future treatments and drugs for diseases (any disease type) ""designed"" specially to impulsive people, for example ?  I will be glad with any sources or link! Thanks!"
"I apologize in advance about this post being a little off topic. 
I read a discussion about introverts - shyness  (had many posts discussing the matter in general). Made me think..  Is the world only divided between the introverts and the extroverts ?
Is there no technical term for the ""go with the flow guy"" .. who does not mind being the center of a conversation, but also enjoys solitary weekends ?  Aren't all people introverts or extroverts only based on their circumstances and comfort levels at the time of observation ?
Who draws the line for these technical definitions ? and on what basis ?  Am not expecting answers, but maybe a little discussion. :)"
I came across this awesome psychology +Artificial Intelligence article from MedGadget!  It's about using SentiMetrix Uses Artificial Intelligence to Detect PTSD  Here's a link to the article if anyones interested! SentiMetrix Uses Artificial Intelligence to Detect PTSD SentiMetrix Uses Artificial Intelligence to Detect PTSD SentiMetrix Uses Artificial Intelligence to Detect PTSD Does anyone have other cool research articles on psychology?  I'd love to read about them!
in the case of sex and number  of chores you cannot establish a cause, but  how about direction and strength, what is it meant by Direction and strength of the relationship, is it the actual couple's relationship or the relationship between the correlations, and what significance do these correlational studies have if one can't establish the cause?
"Hello! I have checked the figures and got a mean of 0,3545 on the left side; did I make a mistake or does anyone else get the same result as me? - However, if the measures are correct to only two significant figures, one would likely not give a mean with four significant figures! Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
Im confused, how would you know if the experiment is accurate then?
Will someone like Jared need all three perspective or what is the proper perspective for him/ method of treatment because this confuses me now
I'm sorry that I missed the deadline of the enrollment, and I am interested in psychology pretty much. At the same time, I need the credit. Can I still enroll for the credit now? Please, and Thank you very much!
I'm sorry that I missed the deadline of the enrollment, and I am interested in psychology pretty much. At the same time, I need the credit. Can I still enroll for the credit now? Please, and Thank you very much!
"Hello! I have calculated the mean and the sample standard deviation now:  Left column (without caffeine): Mean 0,3545, ssd = 0,082 and
Right column (with caffeine): Mean 0,5621, ssd = 0,5621.   This means that, with p=95%, the left mean is between 0,1910 and 0,5180 and the right mean is between 0,2146 and 0,9096. Since the intervals overleap, I would not call the difference between the means ""significant""! - Am I right? Please give me a stern and fair feedback! Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
In the first set of questions, Q 5, 6 and 7 all seem to have exactly the same symptoms and same diagnoses.  The only difference I can see is that the doctors names are changed.   Yet each doctor comes from a different background.  I understand this is possible, but how can I identify the background from the 3 identical statements?
Ice cream video missing
What is the deadline for completion for each of the lessons?  I do not see a timetable requirement even though I believe there is one.  
I completed lesson #1 but could not get the correct answer to question #20.  Why study Psychology? No matter which response I made the check mark on to the question, it kept saying try it again.  All of the responses that made seemed to be incorrect. Can someone help? Thanks!
I don't know why, but I wasn't able to see the videos at all. So, I download all of them and they work swimmingly now. So, I am just curious, will my not watching all the videos count towards grading?
So how long did the experimental group have to wait after they drank coffee in order to start the experiment, was that taken into consideration?
Hi, in this lesson, the instructions and points on the video are hard to see. --Andrew
Honestly it seems that the dog salivating at the open cabinet door should be behavior psychologist, not cognitive
The first option and the third option are both correlational studies. So when do we use those? and how is different between correlational study and experimental study?
I completed Problem Set 1 but am unable to see what I scored to know if I got at least 75%. Thank you. Athena
"Apparently that 38 people story is fake:
http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2009/11/superfreakonomi_1.html  http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2009/11/superfreakonomi_1.html Not a question, more of an interesting fact."
If the researcher doesn't know who is in which group, then how will they be able to interpret thir results. There might be a bias when the researcher finds the results and expects them to have followed his hypothesis. Maybe the experiment disproved his hypothesis. So I find that kind of strange..
"This question came to my mind when I just saw the ""Ice cream causing drowning"" quiz because of the drawings which is drawn in it."
what is the difference between clinical and biological psychology?
what is Art and Play Therapy?
Hello I had such a problem with number 20 on the test. I chose the correct one - i don't want to say in case other students have not taken the test yet. It said the answer was wrong so I attempted to answer closest to the answer I could and it was wrong- again I chose the next answer- wrong again. I am hoping that my internet connection is not causing the glitch ...If anyone else had problems please let me know . Thank you 
"
""At the heart of every experiment there's a good question. And these
questions comes from observation.""
                              by Lauren Castellano
 ""At the heart of every experiment there's a good question. And these
questions comes from observation.""
                              by Lauren Castellano   I think this quote have to be included in brainyquote.com :D quote"
"Please, publish an example of ""informed consent"", that participants of ""caffeine study"" have signed? Thanks!"
"everybody (?) has a sense of beauty, but we dont' (quite often) agree on what is beautiful.
Is there any group of neurons responsible of that ? Are the roots in the very very early education of the infant ? "
why not use the stop watch? Will that be objective too?
"Hello
Is it still possible for me to enroll in this class for credit? "
"I've finished the 2 units of the first week and am looking forward to learning with new units.
When will new materials be online? "
Does anyone know what file format the optional textbook for this course comes in?  The book page doesn't seem to specify.  I'd like to know if I'll be able to put the book on my e-reader before purchasing.
So can we redo the problem sets until the deadline without being penalized?
Is that liquor in the background? 
What happened to the lesson that was supposed to start today?
it seemed like the video of greg discussing the Action Potential wasn't there for me. has anyone else had this problem or was it just me. If there a way to fix this?
I answered brown but it's probably because I have brown eyes,  can anyone explain why are they going to be brown?
"I really don't know the answer. But in case they aren't, separate groups of male and female would be as much random as the ""random group"", right? "
What is canine Psychology ?
"what is the effect of a neurotransmitor reuptaking in human behavior?
what happen if a person suffering of reuptaking does not take SSRI?
Manuel  "
What if we give cocaine to pregnant monkeys or to baby monkeys, for instance. Would there be an ethical issue there?
is it possible to say that people, kids, teens or adults learning a second language and who find it difficult to learn it is due to any damage or alteration in the Broca or  Wernicke' area?
Hehe... This DNA is funny. :)
The char S is missing. 
Couldn't you also consider Learning and Memory?
has anyone been able to see the grades for the first two problem sets on Canvas yet?
Dear teachers, You mentioned all the parts of the brain, including the pituitary gland, but you didn't mention the pineal gland. We hear a lot about this gland these days, so can someone please tell me where this gland is located and what is its' function?
I feel like I'm nitpicking here, but the correct spelling in latin is Homo habilis.  Spelling is a thing with me, so....well, yeah. Homo habilis
Hi, I typed in the correct answers but the response is 'try again'. Checked the writing and the capitals etc. Seems to be a small error? Thanks
How does the action potential arrive at axon without being diffused? (Because Soma and Dendrites are not insulated with myelin)
Hello! I wanted to ask that why can't behavior psychologists determine whether an introvert or extrovert  focus better in certain conditions, given that that's their general behavior in certain conditions?
Should be homo habilis?
i cant get the videos! Whats the problem?
"Are communications between neurons ""one-way""? That is, in the terminal buttons, can some only receive and others transmit? Or can all terminal buttons do both?"
"You've used the term ""forebrain"" several times, but which of the four sections of the brain comprise the forebrain?"
This might be off-topic but i wanted to know how much percentage of our brain functions? Does that differ human to human? And IQ , can that be increased or is it fixed for a person?
how does the number 3 million comes up for human and what does it mean ?
this question have some trouble because talk about the number of the dead based on the number of cono of ice cream when one of those increases the other one make it too..
"I think the answers to the two ""startling dog"" questions are misleading, as those are ""select many"" answers, and the sympathetic/parasympathetic is a part of the peripheral nervous system. While sympathetic/parasympathetic are clearly the most accurate answers for the two questions (the ones I would select if it were a ""select one"" question), peripheral should also be correct in both cases, as the activated parts are part of it. Thus, in my opinion, the correct answers to those two questions would be sympathetic/parasympathetic and peripheral. However, peripheral is marked as wrong. and (Of course, switching the answer mode from ""select many"" to ""select one"" might be an even better choice.)"
"the brown alleles aren't specified,  it could be light brown or  almost black, if it is the former than supposing it has two alleles;
the blue eye would have two resesive alleles whilst the brown one dominant and one recesive yielding a 25% chance of having a blue eyed offspring. "
For the caffein study, wouldn't it be more accurate to get reaction times before they drink coffee and then measure the difference in reaction times? This would remove the difference in people's reaction times.
what was the major part of evolution of the brain is it frontal lobe?
I got every answer correct, but it will not show it as so. Is there any way I can fix this?
If the correlation exists from -1.0 to 1.0, How can -0.9 (negative) said to be strong ? and when is it said to be weak (at -1.0)?
Kindly provide zip file to download ps001 unit03-1.  It would be difficult for me to see online due to internet speed. Thanks in advance. Chandrasekar
I feel overwhelmed by the type and amount of terminology used in this section, many of which are even hard to pronounce for the non-native English speaker. Some examples include diencephalon, telencephalon, and hypothalamus. How important is it for someone like me taking this course just to get a basic understanding of psychology to know these terms? And by the way, do psychologist know all of these terms by heart? type amount
Could someone please help me with this question? 
When will the new genetics course start? :-)
Or we can also circumvent that by taking coffee so is it really bad...or good..psychologically....... taking coffee so is it really bad...or good..psychologically taking coffee so is it really bad...or good..psychologically
I just wanted to point out that bonobos are just as close to us as chimpanzees are. Their latest common ancestor lived about 1 million years ago, 1.5 million years after the split between what is now homo and pan. Thus, you can't really say one of them is closer to us than the other. (Though some scientist argue that bonobos and chimpanzees are the same species, they do exhibit quite a different palette of behaviour.)
"... and how could the students get information about ""correction under construction""? "
You to be careful not to mix up your charges and voltages.
please check the submit handler. Thanks a lot.
I cant open any videos after course 2, video 1
"I've just finished watching the segment ""Genes are not everything,"" but Udacity will not allow me to continue to the next video. I can click on the box for the next video and the webpage changes accordingly, but it will not start playing. It's almost as if it never registered that I completed watching ""Genes are not everything."" Solutions? I have tried on both Chrome and FF."
how will one calculate effect of independent variable on dependent variable in double blind study as researcher don't know which group they are interacting with who will calculate or know the cause and its effect? For example if lauren don't know how much caffeine  does a coffee has which group gets more ? how and who will measure effect of caffeine on reaction time ?   
I can't play the second video
is it a fact or opionion
why is it all the above? On the number of ice cream cones and the number of drowning of deaths?
"Gluatmate or Glutamate?
Is it a spelling mistake? "
Hello, I don't see the links under instructor notes that are mentioned in lesson 3 of video. Is there another location?
"Amebe aren't large bacteria... They're eukaryotes with a nucleus like we humans. Bacteria don't have a nucleus and they lack a lot other things, humans and the amebe has.
I don't wanna be a nitpicker, but I think this is important for future life sience students.  "
"I put in ""autonomic nervous system"" and I am sure it is correct, but it does not let me pass."
"What I like the most about udacity courses - this one included - is that the meaning of the information is always very well explained as we get the information. I didn't feel this way about this last video, though. I felt we were given a lot of information and hard to remember names without getting exactly why this process would be important. I wouldn't expect to remember this names in a few weeks.
But thanks for the great course! "
I have cases that while parents have brown eyed one of their children has green as his grandfather. My impression is that genes sometimes jump generations, is this true?
Since the hindbrain is present in most of the reptiles etc, why are they not good in the fine motor skill. Is it because our hindbrain also is more developed than that of say, repltiles
"Hello! Still, I am not sure if humans still evolve.  One could argue that modern medicine has caused humans to be ""expelled"" from natural selection; and some humorists like Mike Judge in ""idiocracy"" even claim that the contrary is true. However, what are the facts behind these claims? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
I was wondering because right now I am just going through and watching the videos to get a feel for pyschology. So I was wondering if there is any difference between to two besides that the college course gives you credit.
"I answered all of them correct, but it still says they are wrong? &amp; once I view the answer there the same. Do I have to write them in a certain way?"
None of the mini quizzes in section three are loading for me to click and submit my answer. Everything else is working though, is there a way to fix this?
So  she sees the dog and her sympathetic nervous systems spikes..  What about  her peripheral nervous system, shouldn't that be affected as well?
Is physiological like people feel, fear and behavior and as what is the definition of subjective? i don't really get it on the definition on subjective.
The last major part of the brain to evolve is the...... I've tried with a lot of terms but nothing. Please give me one clue... :)
"Introduction to Psychology
Lesson 02 Research Methods  It's funny, as I questioned myself whether the statements presented in the papers could be made or not (Of course they can't from the design(correlation isn't causation) I also thought of the term of confounded variables. Isn't it possible that with this kind of questioning(including study design, including which variables are chosen) is addressing couples with a worse relationship,where both do not spend much time together. Or maybe there's a higher possibility for the men having sex(outside the relationship) when he spends less time on something else. And this could even ""only"" be included in the difference between male and female behavior. A lot of variables which might not be included. It's quite a coincidence that -talking about correlations in general- you could(in this case) call the negative relationship the negative correlation and the positive the one they spend more time with another. :)"
Shouldn't the text say 'send sensory information' instead of 'send sensory neurons'?
"Given that you have apparently people, who are into Neuroscience, my question is, if there is a plan to make a Neuroscience Course in the near future on Udacity.
My interest in Neuroscience is basically the main reason, why I'm taking this course and I would like to see an independent course about this topic.  Best regards David J."
Are the brown eyes ALWAYS more dominant than the blue eyes? Is it possible for blue eyes to be dominant and brown eyes to be recessive?
The question states: The last major part of the brain to evolve is the ___. _ _ In my notes: I have the frontal lobe as the youngest part of the brain.  Wouldn't that be considered the last to develop? I am stuck on this question, as it is fill in the blank.   Help???
Can Udacity make something for mark session that we may consider very important to re-study somethings .
Just can't wait.
i dont like the flip a coin option because theres people that drink more coffe than others, so take a part of then in a group and one in the others i thinks its so much better....
what is the definition of bell curves
what does confunding varibale means?
No matter how I entered the answers, they were not accepted as correct. Please help!
I was wondering, are there any condition(s) that would affect the brain in a way that would inhibit learning and memory or that would make it a little difficult to retain memory?
What answers do the instructor seeks? - All I can think is brain damage.
what is it meant by working memory, ( on frontal lobe) and is that info transmitted to the hippocampus, is there a link between them?
I know we should not post useless messages. But I really love seing the team, - also the experiment itself!
How do we write the answers?  I'm writing them and I know they are right but i'm confused on how to write our answers
did we receive certificates after complete the course?
"Hello! Regarding https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ps001/l-207152500/e-206819132/m-206819134, I have picked ""autonomic nerve system"", but this answer was marked wrong. Why? https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ps001/l-207152500/e-206819132/m-206819134 Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"How similar is the psychology of humans to that of primates?  Other ""smart"" mammals like dolphins?"
Can anybody help me with problem 20 from the fist lesson? I have tried many answers but I could not get the correct answer. I'll be waiting for a help, ok? Janeth
I'm having trouble setting my account for CANVAS and i am not able to see if we have any assignments that need to be done other than finishing the problem sets? I'm done with 3 problem sets and am worried i'm missing out on assignments? any info helps, thanks!:)
I'm trying to schedule my first midterm at ProctorU, but only the final and second midterm are available. Should I just wait for the test to appear on ProctorU? Is so, could you provide a date as to when that will occur?
"I was wondering if there is any significance of having different eye colors, I mean is there an evolutionary advantage of having one eye color over the other, based on ability to see or discern colors etc????? 
Did nature ever had a selection pressure on the eye colors??? Why could not we all have just one eye color say black???
Or is it just a coincidence that we have multiple genes for eye colors but evolutionarily all colors are same i.e. natural selection doesn't choose or didn't choose for the best because having either of the color doesn't give any benefit over the other??  "
what is the BLANK system in the forebrain that contains the hypothalmus, hippocampus, pituitary gland, basal ganglia, cingulated gyrus, and amygdala that are important in motivation and BLANK
I have difficulties answering question 21 lesson 3 for 3 hours can someone help and explain and do i have to answer all question?
On the syllabus it shows 16 lessons, but mine ended after lesson 3. I'm not sure if that's the end or if something's is wrong. If that is the end of the course when will it continue? I really enjoyed the first 3 lessons so I am frustrated that I can't find anywhere where it says if it's the end or if it will continue
"The dependent variable here is number of smiles, not happiness. The study protocol is flawed in that it uses smiles as a proxy for happiness without evidence that that is a reasonable substitution. The study also fails to define happiness beyond smiles. Smiles can convey many things, including deception, resentment, and attempts at seduction, or to cover lying. It is likely there is little correlation at all between smiles and happiness, and any correlation positive or negative is deeply contextual and also culturally dependent. Many happy people do not smile very often. Many people who often wear smiles are in a deep state of melancholy. Look at racist tropes in advertising and films of the 1800s and 1900s. Here we see American Indian and African American people represented with huge smiles as caricatures  - to make them seem more subservient, more submissive and less threatening. Smiles are often expected of service personal, slaves, the disenfranchised people and those with little power in a society. It is not unsurprising if people with little power in a work situation are required to smile and pretend to appreciate being subjected to insincere or abusive gestures from those in power who expect them to give the appearance of happy compliant worker bees. In any case, the question for this slide has no given correct answer. It is obvious though that to proceed with the ""correct"" score we are required to state a falsehood and ""be happy"" about it, because that is how the system works."
"Hi, there should be a problem with problem set for unit 2, section 9. The instructor clearly says ""select two"", and underlines it, but ""two"" is not clickable. Please fix it. LOL, just kidding :P Snoopy"
"Hi,
In the video it says that some of our brain's structures are present in pair, each one in one side of the brain (right and left). I don't remember where but I read that in fact we can say we have two brains because of that. Is this true? Are the left and right parts of our brain ""independent brains"" or they are connected and they work together, so this thing about ""two brains"" is not true?
Thanks!  "
"Hello,
 I have already finished the first 3 lessons which are marked June 9th but now it is June 16 and lesson 4 still hasn't appeared. Is this a technical issue ? 
Thank you.  "
"I am having trouble with problem 15. I have labeled the far left dendrites, below that is the soma, the the top middle the axon and below that the myelin sheath. The last one I labeled terminal buttons. I am pretty sure that this is right but it does not get accepted. Anyone know what  I am doing wrong? Thanks,
O.S. "
"I really like this lesson... it's so amazing!
I think it would be easier to follow if you simultaneously ran the yellow dot/nerve impulse along both the neuron graphic and the the orange line on the chart in addition to the bright green blocks of time. "
The answer given differs from its usual meaning as I understand it. Confounding variables are ones that are driving both the dependent and independent variables. For example, the drowning and ice cream consumption correlation, discussed in the class and in the wikpedia article on confounding variables, has the confounding variable of daily temperature. Higher temperature results in more swimming and thus more drowning, and also in ice cream sales. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confounding http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confounding In the quiz question, the food smells are just contaminating the experiment, they are not a confounding variable in the usual sense of the term.
Plugging in 0.25 does not seem to work I was wondering what you guys put down for it
Please explain why and how a forensic psychologist would be involved in a custody dispute.
Do headphone make a difference? ( since I use headphones on a laptop computer)
"I am watching Lesson 4 and it starts talking about how hearing works. Then it asks about a diagram. The next video said it is the ear but then there is no more info on how HEARING works. The video moves onto vision. It looks as if the video that explains hearing is missing. Can someone check? I am concerned about being tested on information not provided. Thanks for the help.
Jeannette "
Based on the video, two different mothers gave birth to two genetically identical mice. Can it happen in real life that one individual has exactly identical gene sequences?
Without giving way the answer, I re-watched and listened to Lauren's lecture but was unable to find a matching phrase. Are there keywords that are looked for in the answer? 
"Comment: You need to correct this:
you are talking about nukleotides. As it is DNA you are talking about you should say desoxynucleotides, but this is not the point. What you shouldn't do is talk about nukleotides when you write down the bases.
If you refer to the desoxynukleotides please call them desoxyAdenylat, desoxyThymidylat, desoxyGuanylat,desoxyCytidylat.
When you beginn talking about units you should stick to that. Maybe just say the characteristic comes from the base.
Marcus    "
Is anyone else having this problem? I know that what the instructor is saying is exactly what is on the screen and is a summary of the lesson, but for those who learn more visually or like to pause the video to take notes it might be a problem.
"comment: in ""closest relative"" it is ""homo habilus"" later on it is homo habilis."
I didn't know Rhizopoda had so many nucleotidpairs. How much is it compared to a plant let's say pea or trillium(which's got about ten to the eleventh bp s) ?
"suggestion: maybe talk about basepairs in connection with ""amount""."
Lesson 5 - Personality and parenthood.
Technically, the lower threshold for human volume perception is 0 dB SPL, with 0 dB SPL defined as 2 x 10e-05 Pascals (Pascals being an absolute measure of sound pressure).  To give zero decibels without a unit is meaningless, since decibels only indicate relationships between two different measures of intensity.  I think making this distinction would help students understand exactly what decibels mean.
"Shouldn't the correct answer be the iris, since technically the iris is the thing that is actively changing?  While the size of the pupil is changing, the phrasing of the question implies more active involvement by the pupil than exists in reality. Also, there is a typo in the question: ""...changes to let it..."" should be ""...changes to let in..."""
90 decibels is meaningless without a reference unit (e.g., 90 dB SPL).  Please add units to this question, otherwise there is a strong probability of misleading students as to what a decibel is.
"It's ""tabula rasa,"" not ""tabla rasa."""
"I've been having this problem throughout the Psychology course and to a limited degree in the new Java Programming course. Primarily in this course videos seem to want to give me a ""This Video is Currently Unavailable,"" error. Youtube is not blocked and I am able to receive the video just fine if I click on the Youtube button on the player while the video is loading before it gives me the error message. While this is a potential way to view the videos even before the video download is posted, it is troublesome trying to click the button before the error loads, as it loads fairly quickly. I am using Google Chrome. I emphasize this is not uniform through the Udacity site, only with certain videos, most predominately in this course from what I can tell. I also emphasize Youtube is not blocked on my network. This problem has been persisting throughout the course and I have mostly been getting by on the video downloads that have been added to the wiki. not not not"
After submitting my thoughts as a possible answer, it took me straight to the next topic, rather than the usual video explanation of the answer.
I think this is where Lauren wants us to answer the questions regarding marriage. Per syllabus it is here. I am over 50 so my answers may differ from younger students. My parents married in 1948 I believe. They were both 21.  I have never married. I am straight but could never figure out a good reason to marry since I did not want children. My oldest sister who was almost 10 years older got married when she was about 24 and stayed married until she died at the age of 45. My other sister married at 16 to get away from my parents. She stayed married for 5 years and never married again. She has been in long term relationships.  I think women have more choices now. Marriage is not the only possibility. I think people want to explore life and have a career before they marry. Also, having children can be done out of wedlock with no issues unlike years ago. We also live longer.  The last question does not apply. Like I said, for me, I could not figure out a good reason to get married. I can have relationships without the legal involvement.  
There seems to be an auditory issue in lesson 4
"Do you consider that your parents age, when they ""tied the knot"", will affect your decision on the age of when YOU want to get married?"
In the video an online textbook is mentioned that is available via a link below but there is no link below.  What online textbook are they referring to? Thanks!
"What does it mean that the baby stops crying but **NOT GO UP""? **NOT GO UP"
is the video out of focus?
"I understand that much has been learned about infant and child cognitive development in the years since Piaget.  Two examples are that our estimate of ""inborn"" and infant cognitive abilities has increased in recent years. Also experiments have been done on children's ability to ""deceive"" and their lack of  theory of mind skills."
"Where do I find the wiki information
. "
"
The environment can affect what genes are turned on or off, thus affecting our traits.
 The environment can affect what genes are turned on or off, thus affecting our traits. So the environment factors will not only affect our offsprings' traits, but will also turn on or off our genes?"
Or only the sympathetic nervous system is activated, and CNS has nothing to do with these behaviours?
I would imagine my parents were around 28-30 when they got married. I've never given much thought to an ideal age to be married by since I figure you're ready when you're ready. I'm actually not sure if I want to get married in the future since I'm happier with friends before boyfriends, so if I don't find anyone I'll be happy but if I do that's nice too. I'm pretty comfortable being on my own, but if I do run into someone I get along with really well, who can work with me and laugh over a few mishaps I think that'd be nice. Average marriage age shifts from generation to generation with differing social norms or political or economic conditions in each era.
I feel psychology has many  'grey' areas where different sub disciplines need to come together in order to solve problems. There is no hard and fast division of disciplines. Isn't it?
Yes, the same stages apply to the death of others. We can certainly feel that a loved one's death is unreal, that we're angry because it's unfair for them to leave us or that it's unfair for something to happen to them, and we may feel that we'd give anything to stop or undo their death. Depression is certainly part of losing someone and acceptance comes with time.
"Given we are dependent on caregivers during infancy and how important are such attachment (from evolutionary point of view), why would some babies have avoidant attachment???
Might it be because the care giver is not very good, so baby doesn't bother whether the caregiver is present or not, or is it simply the fact that the babies showing avoidant attachment might be simply too busy with something else (unknown to the observer) to notice presence or absence of caregiver or some other reason?
If it is the second case what would happen if the same thing is repeated several times, would a baby who showed avoidant attachment earlier later show anxious-ambivalent or secure attachment?  "
causal effect ? Isn't  IV causes DV ? Will confounding  variables cause DV ?
"Hi,
I am a new learner at UDACITY. This is my first course here. I was wondering if there is a forum section for introducing learners at this course and where is it located. I would like to learn about my colleagues in this course. I am very excited to participate in global courses so that I meet, discuss, and learn from an international community of learners.  Thanks,
Thaal "
would be helpful to offer the reasons by the confirmation at the latest ...  
Hi! In the lectures says that in ambivalent-anxious attachment babies are upset most of the time and specially upset (in the picture the baby is crying) when their care-taker leaves. In the problem set though, says that in AA attachement babies don't cry when their mother leaves. Which is the one ? Thanks!
Is there a way to find out how many tastebuds we have?
Tabula rasa and environment please! n
Is there a specific way to phrase the answer?
If you flip a coin your groups will be different sizes in the majority of cases. You could end up with a 75/25% distribution with no trouble. Surely that isn't right?
Surely you should have first measured the reaction times of all the individuals in both groups. Then you should have given them coffee, or not, and you should have measured the change in their reaction times. The absolute measurement is not a good comparison. first Then change
Loved the Sense Olympics! Conveyed concepts very clearly AND it was insanely fun to watch. This would have taken a LOT of editing, scripting and video-ing effort, so thanks a bunch to the folks at Udacity for taking the time to do this! :D
Shy men tend to have children later in life than outgoing men,  and shy women tend to have children earlier in life than outgoing women, is there an explanation to that?
"Wouldn't the answer to this question be ""attachment""?"
Watch that absent or misplaced apostrophe - it could mess with your (or my pedantic) head.
"Apologies  - a bit pedantic here but anyway:
1) Effects won't strictly be discernible from non-experimental studies;
2) Presumably 'with' should be 'on';
3) But 2) is also not correct anyway as the study question you seem to be really posing is: What is the associaton between cocaine use in pregnancy and (some defined) outcome in babies?    (I really must get out more!)"
Waoo, almost I can't get the correct answer. I didn't find it in the class... or may be I didnt hear correctly
Can someone please explain what they are asking? Its is a number in the  sequence of the stages or a type of stage?
"Hello everybody, I'm russian arab and I have a question for psychologists. As I know, babies and small children don't perceive word ""no"" and negative expressions. E.g. if I say to my little sister ""don't go there"" or ""don't do it"", she will understand it like ""go there"" and ""do it"".
Is it a true (experimentally it is :) )? And if it is a true, why does it happen?
And the last question. There are some statistics that little children every day hear from their parents about 300-400 negative expressions. Is it harmful for them?  "
"Just read this online. No, not on Onion. How real / made-up is this?
 http://edition.cnn.com/2013/06/20/world/australia-car-crash-new-french-accent/index.html  http://edition.cnn.com/2013/06/20/world/australia-car-crash-new-french-accent/index.html"
"Hi, I know my mom used to put my hands in the blanket when i'd sleep because, she said, babies get scared of their own arms moving around. Is that true? And do babies get irrational fears too (like fear of the dark)? Thanks,
Iulia "
"Hi Everyone, Could you please help me to know the total hours that one needs to invest to go through the videos and answer the assignments ? This will help me to plan my schedule accordingly. Thanks a lot. Regards,
Shahan "
"I noticed something and was wondering if there are any studies done on this: Does going to a single gendered school increase the chances of being a homosexual in life? I read in many places that being a homosexual is due to genetic makeup, however, among my friends who identifies as homosexuals. I noticed that most of them went to single-gender schools during their adolescence  and wonder if it might play a factor in the nurture aspect. Thus I wonder about the research and speculation on this as well as wonder about the argument of sexual orientation being fixed or fluid over time. I understands the popular argument of homosexuality being genetic makeup thus it is fixed, but wonder if that is the popular argument because it is a more politically correct &amp; easiest way to get the general public to be more accepting homosexuality (since genetics do play a role too as research has shown) Note: I'm not against people sexual orientation here. Everyone is free to love whoever they like. But just want to hear some interesting opinions on it."
Seems like this part of the quiz doen{t work
"Hello! I have read that the pain threshold is - on average - higher for women, thus, Andy is likely to hurt more (and recently, this subject has been on broadcast in The Netherlands by an ""experiment"" on TV) - This seems to be plausible for me as women must withstand the pain in a childbirth; but is this true or another urban legend? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! Please satisfy my curiosity: how exactly has the test been carried out?  The test person lifted two weights and should tell which one was heavier; but was ONE correct answer sufficient to count the challenge as successful? - What would interest me, too: were two equal weights given to the test person, as a ""countercheck""? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! Thing I did't know: there are not four basic tastes as I learned as a pupil - there is a fifth (or sixth if you count pungency, as this course does): umami. Read here if this interests you: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umami http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umami Best regards, 
Julien Caussin "
"I'm already taking the class. Why do i have to still watch these "" Psychology is great"" videos ? "
What role does the spinal cord have in a person's body except as a way to transmit messages between neurotransmitters to help with the structure of someone's body?
when we think of the nervous system, is it comprised of every single nerve cell in the body, and no other types of cells? I am a little confused about this in regard to the peripheral nervous system. Do the somatic nervous system and the autonomic nervous system comprise of the same cells, but are just about two different functions the cells have, or are there different cells for each system?
Where is the signal from that is sent to the motor cortex to allow for the action? Do the neurons just fire when someone decides they want to do something and in response to the decision?
Hi, The video teaches that the same area in our brain is activated in both phisical and emotional pain.  When we cut ourselves, we feel the pain in and around the cut. But where do we feel emotional pain?Where do the motor neurons take the signal? Or is it a different process than sensory-brain-motor?
"I think there is a little mistake here.
Mothers whom have been given the diet with the high amount of methylation nutrition ( such as folic acid, beets, onion, garlic) breed  skinny brown children. In the lecture it was presented visa verse. "
"It's also one of the most important monocular cues 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monocular_vision#Monocular_cues  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monocular_vision#Monocular_cues"
"Hi, I don't think all of these stages apply to everyone. I don't think atheists would go through a bargaining stage (despite some people's belief that ""there's no atheists in the foxhole""). Any opinions on this?"
Hi, Sometimes it's really hard to remember essential words (like the one being asked about here) if it hasn't been written down, especially for foreigners like me. In these situations, would it be possible to also write down the word as you're saying it? It'd be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
You only mentioned lenticular myopia, which is when the index of refraction of the lens is out of whack. There's also axial myopia, when the eye is too long and the focal point doesn't go to the retina.
"Here is how i can logically deduce that the truck labeled 1 is the largest. I made a reasonable assumption that the grass section next to the tires is a rectangular one. The size of the wheel of truck 3 was less than that of the width of the grass whereas
the size of the wheel of truck 1 was greater than that of the width of the grass. The width of the grass remains the same because it's a rectangle.  Since the truck sizes are proportional to the size of their respective wheels, I can conclude that truck 1 is bigger. Can anyone explain how am i wrong?"
hi, i am a volunteer in a start-up NGO. we have  conducted few awareness programs and competitions for orphans.but i personally felt that those programs were not effective the way we expected.after joining this course i understood that the basic problem with us(NGO volunteers) is that we don't understand their world,their feelings exactly.i wanna know in what kind society affects them ?and what would be the best way to motivate them and make them socialize ? i have pasted the link of NGO's Facebook page  for more info  https://www.facebook.com/enlift https://www.facebook.com/enlift
"Hello! Strictly said, as there is no scale on the graphs, one should say that it is not possible to tell! Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
No on line link available, any one have any better luck finding it
"According to my notes the answer is "" The final period of fetal development and continues till 18 to 24 months of life - Wrong?"
"Hi, I get from the video that a large part of the human body is made up of proteins.
But when we say that genes are coded for proteins can the following be implied:-  genes are coded for proteins 
That genes are part of the makeup of proteins?
 OR
Genes represent a specific type of protein?
 That genes are part of the makeup of proteins?
 OR  Genes represent a specific type of protein? represent Thanks."
I'm having trouble with this question and need help. I keeps telling me my answer is wrong when I believe I am correct. HELP PLEASE 
Description: An EEG (en:electroencephalograph) 1 second sample. The signal was acquired in the Oz position processed with scipy and exported with matplolib. The momntage was with common derivation related to linked ears. The sampling rate was 256 Hz. Created by Hugo Gamboa Dez 2005
Lesson 4 download stops after downloading 35 MB, lesson 5 stopped after 26 MB. I must confess, even though being in Germany one would think of having world class internet connections. In the suburban areas it is still from the stone age. I think it is called T-online Neanderthal Broadband. I got the first 3 Lessons without any issues: just patience.  With lesson 4 I have tried 3 times and it stops precisely at 35 MB. I was wondering if this issue is known, otherwise I just need to keep on trying.
Problem 11 please help
"So for Lesson 2 on the study guide question # 3. Which kinds of research methods allows us to draw causal inferences? Why?
  -Would the answer be correlational studies; since one item doesn't cause the other to happen. Because we see that both cannot be related.  And Question #4 Be able to identify how many levels of an independent variable?
 - I'm unclear with what they mean by levels. "
I'm having a problem answering problem 04. I thought it was newborns or infants who have the most neurons? But those answers are wrong. 
I can't get this right. Isn't it 50%? It doesn't accept my answer.
im stuck with it and need help to go on! thx for any answer :-)
Either Andy's a great actor, or else he really needs a coffee! Stop killing yourself Andy!  Go to bed earlier! P.S. Andy's a great Physics instructor.  Check out the Udacity Physics course, you won't regret it! (hopefully he's equally as good at chemistry, wink, wink).
"Link mentioned in Lesson 5 on ""The visual cliff test"" not working"
"Hey, I answered on that question D, while the answer was B ( explained in this video).
But my answer of ""Old Age"" was still valid.  This is a bit confusing. Is this  mistake or is there a reason for it? Thank you, Robb"
Has anyone  else not been able to take the exam?  I first tried before  6.00 am ( living in France I was a little confused about the good time) so I had an error message . When I tried again, after 6.00 PST, I had another message saying that I may have already completed the exam.
What is the answer?!
"Hi,
Why is the color of the problem set yellow/orange and not blue in the course progress?
Thank you,
PN   "
"When I watch videos on my windows 8 PC (using IE), the videos always turn green for a few soconds.
It is pretty annoying and i am sad to say so because the course itself is so nice.  Does anybody know any solution to this problem?
Also, if you are a technician at Udacity and you are looking at this post, could you please look into this issue?  Sincerely
Gingerbread "
"So what are your reaction times? I got a 2.432 on average (5 trials). 
I am not sure whether this is good or bad ;) "
When you are saying 99.7 % fall within 3 standard deviations of the mean, you should also say that it is 68.3 % and 95.5 % instead of 68 % and 95%
hi I want to say that we can't say that we can't say that caffeine causes faster reaction b/c some people their brain may not receive  information  fast like others thank you 
"It's more a technical question.
Even though I've completed lesson 4 and started lesson 5, when I go to ""My courses"", lesson 4 appear in orange, as if I hadn't finish it. I couldn't figure out what the problem is.  "
I wonder if nowadays there would be ethical issues on using baby monkeys.
I need help with this question because my answer is wrong and I don't know what is the correct answer
This event reminds me of a common philosophical problem: if I start with a cup of coffee, and then start taking away molecules of coffee, at which point does the cup of coffee cease to be a cup of coffee?  What is the threshold number of molecules of coffee where we change our classification?
Just out of curiosity would premature birth decrease the likelihood of full neural development? If so, what would that mean? My guess is it would obviously have an impact for those born very prematurely but Im just wondering about those say a week early in comparison to a week late? Like those born a week late have shown they tend to communicate earlier or understand the concept of using a toilet easier/quicker?  There are obviously a lot of variables that would have to be controlled in order to obtain accurate statistics, but it would be interesting to know. 
why is your psychology lesson so slow?
How have we come to conlusions on human evolution and existence of species , when no  scientific evidence exits for anything beyond a million years?
Hello, I've watched the lectures and worked out the practice questions. The next lessons have not showed up. It is the 23 th of June and no new material has appeared. Please, someone explain to me how the next lectures can be viewed. The last thing i want is to be behind. Thank you... 
Doesn't the range of hearing for dogs extend to a higher, as well as to a lower frequency (10 - 30000 Hz) compared to the human hearing (20 - 20000 Hz)?
"Hi Everyone, 
    The first thing I want to talk about is lucid dreaming. Lucid dreaming is when you are dreaming but youre actually aware of the fact that you are dreaming and you can change the outcome of a dream. This takes a lot of practice to be able to do. I want to know if any of you have ever been able to lucid dream and if so what was it like and how did you teach yourself to lucid dream?   I have been  aware of the fact that I was dreaming  but I have never been able to actually change the outcome of a dream. Usually once I realize it is a dream I just wake up. What about you? -Lauren "
"Hello Everyone,
     The other topic I wanted to talk about was Dr. Griffiths and Dr. Doblins interviews. I was with Susan while we were filming these interviews and it was truly moving listening to these men talk about their research, especially in regards to end of life treatment and post traumatic stress disorder treatment. 
    After you watch these interview I want to know what you think about the research and if you would ever participate in this type of treatment or recommend this type of treatment? Please be respectful of everyones opinion. There is no right or wrong answer, only your opinion.    -Lauren"
Hi Lauren. I've read the Invisible Gorilla book. Chapter 6 is my favorite. In fact, I believe that Udacity is applying some concepts pointed out by the authors, for example regarding constant and immediate feedback. Am I right?
"This course is amazing but sometimes it needs better illustrations.
I'm serious, but I understand when you have a tight schedule and can't
lose so much time on details. Designers and illustrators may agree with 
me. it needs better illustrations   "
My mom has brown eyes and my dad has blue...me and my two siblings all have blue...what causes this?
Lauren mentions a  link to a video on the instructor's notes about other animals indulging in drugs but it isn't on the notes
Is it just necessary to have enough hours of sleep (say 8 hours) or is it also important that the 8 hours of sleep is taken during regular time of the day.... fro example say night 11 to morning 7.... for example if there is a person who sleeps 8 hours every day from 0000 hours to 0800 hours and another who sleeps for 8 hours but he might sleep from 0100 hours to 0900 hours one day and then 0300 hours to 1100 hours the next (i.e his sleep schedule is not fixed), would there be health differences between the two assuming others thing remaining constant???
What are tips and tricks a person who has recurring nightmares can implement in an attempt to gain consciousness of it? -   Or maybe what I am asking is ,  how can one go about in achieving this conciousness of dreaming for instance, in a case in which a person is constantly dreaming of being abused or such. What are the tips Susan talks about? - how can one make the mind conscious of this Matter especially if the person went through a very traumatizing experience and the result is reviving of the experience through these nightmares ? - would love if Susan answers
Question 15 of the first problem set asks which type of psychologist would study where  people had traits such as introversion and extroversion. Though the studying of such character traits obviously is performed by personality psychologists, which is the correct answer, I was put on the wrong track by the way the question was put. As the question was about where people have certain traits it seemed as it implied 'in which circumstances', so that the answer would have been behavioral psychologist. where where
Here's a link on youtube to a BBC video snippet on the alcohol drinking Vervet monkey. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSm7BcQHWXk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSm7BcQHWXk
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10200569406891648 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10200569406891648
"Having some problems with this question accepted any answer.  Tried multiple combinations.
The psychotrophic drug is prescribed and is also psychoactive, and presumably would be legal .  Any mood altering drug would be psychoactive and could be either legal or illegal "
Dear Susan, In some lectures such as this one, you use lots of special jargon words, which perhaps non natives are not familiar with. Would you please add some notes in your lectures? Regards,
"There are two MDMAs in the answer.  The first one looks to be the ""correct"" one."
"Just FYI the words should be spelled ""surroundings"" and ""emotionally""."
"I think this answer choice should be ""inattentional"". It might be a good idea to have someone with good spelling double check the material before committing it.  Anyone whose native language isn't English may become confused."
Hi, i took the first 4 lessons. I expect the course to be about psychology, but till now i found it more about anatomy, physiology, etc. Is the course going to be more psychologically oriented?
Am I the only one who can't seem to find the answer? Please help, don't want the answer just where to find it. thanks
"Hi,
The lesson says that when we are awake the EEG shows beta waves. But it is not in the options given for this question (ps001 unit06-44)!  Thanks."
I realized it has been so long since I last had a dream. Maybe even years ago. Maybe I just don't recall. Does that mean I have no REM sleep?
How do I take this course for college credit and transfer to my current school? How much will this course cost me?
misspelling
"I think something is missing here in the question. It is not completely meaningful. 
 In the lecture there was something about similarity between the brain wave during rapid eye movement and brain wave while we are awake. "
no t the best feeling
"In the ""What is this diagram"" quiz, the question asked is what is this diagram and you are filling in the sentence ""this is the diagram of""... then one of the answers accepted should be the ear, as that's the correct way to finish that sentence, and not just ""ear"" the"
How does the neuron grow, in length, width, number of dendrites?
could there be hand of God for evolution to happen ? 
"I was wondering what are everyones views on depression? I have always felt a little bit controversial about this topic in relation to whether or not it should be considered a real disorder.  The canadian mental health association defines depression as "" A major depressive disorder  usually just called depression  is different than the blues. Someone experiencing depression is grappling with feelings of severe despair over an extended period of time. Almost every aspect of their life can be affected, including their emotions, physical health, relationships and work. For people with depression, it does not feel like there is a light at the end of the tunnel  there is just a long, dark tunnel.""  I still feel as if people are in control of their own emotions and that the only cure to depression is changing how you think into a more positive way. Many forms of therapy for depression pretty much explain in different ways that this is a ""cure"" to it...by simply altering the way you think about things. In my eyes I have a hard time empathizing for people who are ""depressed"" because I feel anyone can allow themselves to become depressed and it is in your own control not to allow that to happen. I know this is a very controversial topic and a lot of people do not agree with my view, so I am hoping that someone can try and sway me to either understand why it is, or agree with me that it shouldn't really be considered a disorder."
"Marriage and divorce are both common experiences. In Western cultures, more than 90 percent of people marry by age 50. Healthy marriages are good for couples mental and physical health. Psychologically I believe they are  beneficial to your overall well being since people in happy marriages tend to have extremely good mental and physical health. I also believe it is good for children due to the fact growing up in a happy home protects children from mental, physical, educational and social problems.  However, about 40 to 50 percent of married couples in the United States divorce. The divorce rate for subsequent marriages is even higher. Although Divorce Rates are so high, I still believe in Marriage and was wondering if you guys do as well?
If not, why not and if you do - why do you? "
There are very few mammals that mate for life, why is it that humans are one of them? Is it our natural instinct to be with one partner or multiple? Do some people have different genes that define whether we are able to or not?
We all want different things out of life, why? What makes me want to go to the Moon and my friend to move to Texas? Why is it that we don't all want the same things in life? Why do we all measure happiness differently?  
Are the stages always sequential?
I'm stuck on question 21 on lesson 5 where do I go or what do I do to go forward
In the test it seems that someone from the controlled group gave a reaction time (1) much greater than anyone else who completed the test. In these circumstances, particularly in such a small experiment would it be normal to eliminate such data?
I was disappointed in the discussion of consciousness that there was no discussion of the theory and origin of consciousness as self awareness and qualia.  I believe there should have been significant discussion of classical Monism/Dualism theories of consciousness as well as modern theories of the origin of conciousness such as those of Dennett, Koch, etc.? Doesnt modern psychology and neuroscience reflect on the issues of the origin of consciousness as self awareness?
"I downloaded the zip file of introduction to psychology chapter 3, but when i tried opening them, windows reported an error
""windows cannot extract these file . the destination folder cannot be reached."" i tried extracting them using 7 zip but received CRC failed error (file broken) and "" unsupported compression method"" in many files. Only five the 76 videos were working.  Please help me out"
"Buenas noches,
Quera consultar si hay textos sobre cada leccin, me resulta mas sencillo leer un texto para poder aprender que ver solo el video. 
Ademas hay una forma de configurar la traduccin en espaol de una sola vez para todos los videos, ya que son cortos y cada vez que comienza uno tengo que volver a poner el traductor?.   Mil gracias"
"In the brain addendum document, all the senses have a sensory cortex to take in the response respectively, but none for smell.
Then which part of the brain senses smell? "
why beta waves are low energy yet rapid? any reason ?
"Can you give us some details regarding Rapid Eye movement sleep? 
Is it possible for adults to practice it? "
"""The infant brain is 25% of its adult size.""  So, over time, the brain grows. But I thought neurons couldn't divide due to lack or nuclei. So how does the brain grow?"
In the psilocybin videos, there are positive and negative effects of it. It seem different people react differently. If so, would it not be  better for the doctor not to prescribe it? Since Person A might feel transcendent or feel depressed which makes it worse.
"Hi all,  I came across this article from NBC news about a type of dementia that originates in the frontal and temporal lobes , with symptoms appearing before a person turns 65. Now that I understand the concepts regarding brain structures and functions from lesson 3 and late adulthood neural degeneration from lesson 5, I found this to be an interesting read. Hope you all find it interesting as well. http://www.nbcnews.com/health/dementia-rivals-alzheimers-strikes-age-65-6C10317123?lite&amp;lite=obnetwork http://www.nbcnews.com/health/dementia-rivals-alzheimers-strikes-age-65-6C10317123?lite&amp;lite=obnetwork Happy reading! -Adante"
Chew glass and not class class
Can I be able to access any free introduction psychology books 
The bubble for this question slide won't fill, I already typed all four reasons, The tezt on the right keeps saying good job, but it does not give the option to continue to the next answer, you have to click on the box on the top to move on. Please, any help would be appreciated because you can't complete 100% of the lesson without all of the boxes turning blue and bubbles filling.
I'm trying to answer the problem set for lesson 1. But none of what is being asked is what was covered in the lesson. None of you even mentioned Biological or Psychodynamic Psychology.  Are we supposed to guess the answers? 
So it's ethical to introduce Psilocybin ?
Should students be taught about experiments that are now known to be unethical?  This is a general ethics question thread. Secondary questions:  If the benefits of the research outweigh the short-term consequences, does that make the research ethical? Is there any general way to repeat an unethical study ethically? What is forbidden to research due to morality? 
"If 'Cocktail Party Effect' is a switch-over state between background and foreground stimuli, the laughing students bringing your attention to the guy who is proposing should be 'Cocktail Party Effect'. 
So answer for 5 should be D instead of B. I am confused. Please explain. "
"

There are many variety of researches done on this subject and the results are different depending on where in the world you are and the environment such as climate plays a part on the analysis. So to be precise I think would not be accurate because ""no science is exact science"" I am not being a smart ass in any way I hope you don't mind because I don't have a PhD or masters to quantify or qualify that phrase aside from my own raw experience.


May I also suggest moving on from any such question until a consensus answer is reached at a later point. 


Time constraints around my busy family routine is always of the essence in my household and  I do try to fit all my courses in a certain time frame so I hope you do understand my point of moving on to the next question and then come back later after reviewing the course material or research on the subject matter.

 
There are many variety of researches done on this subject and the results are different depending on where in the world you are and the environment such as climate plays a part on the analysis. So to be precise I think would not be accurate because ""no science is exact science"" I am not being a smart ass in any way I hope you don't mind because I don't have a PhD or masters to quantify or qualify that phrase aside from my own raw experience.
 There are many variety of researches done on this subject and the results are different depending on where in the world you are and the environment such as climate plays a part on the analysis. So to be precise I think would not be accurate because ""no science is exact science"" I am not being a smart ass in any way I hope you don't mind because I don't have a PhD or masters to quantify or qualify that phrase aside from my own raw experience. 
May I also suggest moving on from any such question until a consensus answer is reached at a later point. 
 May I also suggest moving on from any such question until a consensus answer is reached at a later point.  
Time constraints around my busy family routine is always of the essence in my household and  I do try to fit all my courses in a certain time frame so I hope you do understand my point of moving on to the next question and then come back later after reviewing the course material or research on the subject matter.
 Time constraints around my busy family routine is always of the essence in my household and  I do try to fit all my courses in a certain time frame so I hope you do understand my point of moving on to the next question and then come back later after reviewing the course material or research on the subject matter. Cheers,  Vai"
I initially thought you were after a definition for physical dependence and then it dawned on me after many attempts at different phrases how you were thinking with the question  - we needed to find the term for the existing phrase.
Coming from a business management discipline, I wonder if the concept of inattentional blindness can be expanded to apply to business organizations lack of attention to environmental changes. Many businesses fail to notice unexpected stimuli (changes in the environment)  when other attention-demanding tasks are being performed. In other words, they keep enhancing what they have been doing for years without paying enough attention to potential opportunities and threats.  This might be an interesting topic for a research project. 
"Actually I found that the ""Perception "" is an american TV series related to psychology. And I am evoked of more interest in learning psychology.  The doctor would use the psychological knowledge when he is solving the crime. Now i feel that psychology is much more useful, at least for me. "
I have a problem with this video... it is notavailable.
My youngest daughter (now 5.5 years) used to wake up in the middle of the night EVERY SINGLE NIGHT in a terrified state constantly crying for around two hours.  Nothing would calm her down. That condition started when she was one-year old and lasted for about nine months, after which it gradually ended. It was a horrible experience.  We still don't know what was wrong with her.
"This is more of a request to the instructors than a question.  Could you please mention the entire running time (just the lecture videos because people will take their own time answering questions)?
This is important to me because I have realised that I learn better when I go through the entire lesson at one go rather than piecemeal. This will help me to start learning only when I have a matching chunk of free time available.
If this is a selfish request, please feel free to ignore.
If this information already exists, please point me to the right direction.   "
I key in the correct answer based on the last 7th video .... it jus prompt wrong ...hmmm
"Hi! I'm experiencing some trouble with the second part of this question, ""sleep cycle that lasts a little over 24 hours ..."" 
Can someone help me on my way? "
just fyi - i think you were going for volatile.
i think you may have been going for reddening?
That was my first guess but  alas, it was regarded as incorrect.
"If tolerance is body's way of adjusting to the constant presence of drug in the system, what if the drug is taken after it has been cleared from the system?
 For ex: if a person takes a drug today and then does not for 2 days and then takes the same drug again, would tolerance still be applicable?( Not a long interval just enough to completely metabolize the original dose.) Or since the drug is not present in the system will the original dose still produce the desired effects? 
I am just thinking aloud- since the metabolism is the same and considering the receptors are free for the neurotransmitters to do their thing, considering the drug has been washed out, the original dose should do the trick right?   "
See title. Is this on udacity as well?
In lesson 6, it mention the selective attention that people would unconsciously ignore something if they focus on one environment.  Often as a result, people would even ignore something unusual, for example the gorilla. So , can I say that the inattentional blindness is the result of selective attention?
"The answer suggests that the second picture is change blindness but i doubt it. 
Because according to the definition of ""change blindness"" ,it is one situation that one person does not notice something has changed. But depend on the explanation of the second picture, the girl didn't change or appear suddenly. It is the boy who want to borrow a pen so he turn for help and it happened that the girl had another pen. So I think this second picture should be selective attention. He choose to borrow a pen for the moment.  "
i am not able to get the deadlines of the problem sets so can anybody please tell me that so that i can also increase my speed of studying if am getting late...thank you...waiting for the replies....
I was watching a silent film ( no musical accompaniment and complete silence in the auditorium ) and mind kept making up and playing musical accompaniments. Is that common? It, for some reason, reminded me of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Bonnet_syndrome.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Bonnet_syndrome
"I am having problems with the program responses to the correct answers to different problem sets. Sometimes it accepts the wright answer and other times it doesn't. I am not sure whether it's software program or something else like spyware I am not entirely sure. Here is an example I input the same answer twice and it wouldn't accept it by indicating ""incorrect"" I tried the third time and it accepted the same answer I had tried twice before. I just wonder if anyone is experiencing the same problem?
I would grateful for any feedback.  Cheers."
"The question treats brain waves during sleep as if they are all the same, but we just learned otherwise.  I'm not sure why the question was written the way it was, but you should read it as this: ""Brain waves while you are in REM sleep most resemble:"" Luckily I guessed it right, but I think it's ridiculous that a quiz question has to be left up to chance."
"For me when the boy can't feel the cold room is ""inattentional blindness"" and not selective. Which is the difference in this case?"
I  have read that the most common type of dementia is of mixed etiology.  Partially related to amyloid plaque formation and partially of vascular (multi-infarct) origin.  Not in the case of early onset dementia of Alzheimers type, but almost certainly in the elderly.  Would be interested in your comments?
Why is hallucination or psychosis not the correct answer?
What is the term requiring a higher dose to feel effect of drug?
I was wondering if there was a way to find an answer key for the test just so i can see what i did wrong?
I don't get what he's explaining about psilocybin. Is it something else and what is the answer?
Our brain has the largest number of neurons around what age?
Is anyone else able to here some buzz in the background of this video, or is it just me?
It just caught my attention, though that may be a result of previous material on attention.
"Shouldn't it be cognitive psychology? Just like the dog in the ""a question for cognitive psychologists""?"
"I think have two variables that is not being considered:
1 - How much time the caffeine takes to start affecting the human body?
2 - How much time the caffeine takes to stop affecting the human body?   Taking the above variables into account, the participants should be tested in the period of the ""caffeine effect time"".
The results in the participants' performances during the test related to the ""caffeine effect time"" will be much more precise.  If you do not consider these variables, you can start much before or much after, resulting in distorted results. Am i correct? (Sorry for my bad English, not my native language)"
please help me with the answers
"Hi,
When I was young (about 6 untill 10 maybe) I used to have lucid dreams very easily. How far as I can remember it was very common and of course pretty cool. Now it almost never happens to me anymore. Actually nowadays when it occurs I wake up right after I realize that I am dreaming. For example, last night I was dreaming that I was like running away from a monster or a bad person or whatever. In some point I realized that it was a dream and that I could do anything other than running away. But at the time I realized that and I tried to ""change"" my dream I woke up. This kind of situation happened many times before. So my questions are:  
Are there any correlation between age and lucid dreaming? Is that why I used to have lucid dreams when I was a kid but I don't have it anymore?
Are there any kind of substances or ""treatments""/techniques (maybe electrical waves stimulation) that can potentially induce lucid dreaming? I guess depressant would decrease our awareness so it would have the opposite effect...
Where can I find more information about this subject?
 Are there any correlation between age and lucid dreaming? Is that why I used to have lucid dreams when I was a kid but I don't have it anymore? Are there any kind of substances or ""treatments""/techniques (maybe electrical waves stimulation) that can potentially induce lucid dreaming? I guess depressant would decrease our awareness so it would have the opposite effect... Where can I find more information about this subject? As I said when I was a kid I had it all the time. Actually I remember to sometimes feel kinda stressed because of it, as I used to have many intense dreams and sometimes when I was waking up I didn't feel rested. I think this subject is very interesting, not only because I have been through it but also because I imagine it can be really useful (For example, to stimulate creativity or even to self knowledge). Thank you all!"
I cant seem to get this question right......i have literally tried every combination. can someone please point me in the right direction with this?
What is the correct answer  to this question?
"Hi,
I got very surprised to see anxiety listed as being possible treated with marijuana. Actually I have read this before and discussed about it with my psychiatric, but she basically said it doesn't exist. She isn't a ""close mind"" person, I have no problems to talk openly about these things with her, so I wish to have more information about it to be able to properly discuss about this subject.  Thanks!"
"Hello! I am not sure where I have heard this, but I heard that sleeping is only a ""mental"" need - the rest of the body does not ""NEED"" any sleep at all. Does anybony know more about this? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! One should remember that in countries that do not fully respect civil rights sleep deprivation is even used as a torture technique.  Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! Heroin used to be legal in the 19th century and was described as a drug against cough. Hence, the classification of a drug might change over the course of time?  Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! One should remember that abuse is in no way limited to substances - also behavior can be harmful, like gambling addiction and others! Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"How late is considered ""late in the afternoon?""
Possibly around 3:00pm? "
"Hello! To all smokers who want to quit smoking: I used to smoke 55 cigarettes a day and scored with the maximum on the Fagerstrom test for nicotine dependence.  Seven years ago, I quitted smoking from one day to another. No relapses except one seven days after the last day I smoked. - If I can do this, you can do so, too! Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
This video, like many of the videos for this class, keeps pausing multiples times and has to load to restart again. I retained absolutely no information from it because it kept playing and stopping every 30 seconds. I really wish this wouldn't happen, especially during long lessons like lesson 6. It takes twice as long to get through a lesson, and time is not unlimited.
Hi there just wanted to find out if I get a certificate or something after the course. Also is the course completley free? Sorry its the first time I heard about this site via facebook. Thanks
I don't understand what the question is asking? and what a positive reinforcer is Thanks
I have completed the course and answered all the question sets.  I cannot generate a certificate.  I did not register for proctored exam. - just want the certificate to say I completed it.
Any examples of this? I am very interested. Thank you!
"What is the need for axon? Can't t be like soma and dendrite be directly connected to terminal button ? 
Why is there a need for a tubular structure which may increase the time in travelling of information? "
"The number of people riding bikes in my city increased a lot in the last 3 years. And, of course, the number of accidents involving cyclists increased as well. Only this year two of my friends (cyclists) got involved in accidents; me, I almost got involved in accidents at least 5 times in the lats couple of months, usually when the driver complete ignores my presence and crosses a main street (where I am) as if I wasn't there. I complain every time, and every time their excuse is: ""I didn't see you!""  even when I saw they were looking in my direction before crossing (and I'm talking about day light events).  Now, as I am both a driver and a cyclist, I pay attention to both cars and bikes while I'm driving, what doesn't happen to most of the drivers, who only pay attention to other cars. Most bikers think drivers just ""don't respect"" cyclists. But I thought it was not that simple. So I started writing a newspaper article about this phenomenon but didn't go too far, because I knew there was something going on there, but didn't know exactly what. So thanks for bringing the subject of inattentional blindness up, it will help me a lot in this article. inattentional blindness"
who can help as and aid
He has a NERF gun. :(
Agressive or not? :)  
... I thought the following talk would be appropriate https://www.youtube.com/#/watch?v=U6PoUg7jXsA  https://www.youtube.com/#/watch?v=U6PoUg7jXsA
"Hello students, This week we begin one of my favorite lessons and that is the lesson on learning. I first became interested in learning when I took an undergraduate class on the topic. I can honestly say that that particular course changed my life! Up until that point in my studies, I had not found a particular type of psychology that really got me excited. However, after learning about the environmental variables that influence our behavior, I couldn't get enough of this topic and went on to graduate school to get my Ph.D. in the Experimental Analysis of Behavior. I have since been using the principles of operant conditioning from everything to training my pets, to training myself! I strongly believe that knowing how operant conditioning works we can change our lives for the better. We can also see why behavior occurs at certain times and why it does not at other times. All of this information can help us make sense of our world. In this lesson, we were able to see the incredible power of operant conditioning principles in action with Dr. Zeligs at Moss Landing Marine Laboratories. I hope that you enjoy seeing how the consequences of our behaviors influence the likelihood of those behaviors occurring in the future and how powerful those consequences can be.  Also, do not let my excitement for operant conditioning overshadow my enthusiasm for classical conditioning and social learning. These two areas of learning also go a long way to help us explain why behavior occurs. Taken together, the material on classical conditioning, operant conditioning, and social learning should provide you with insight into how and why behavior occurs! I look forward to hearing your comments on this lesson!
Best,
Dr. Snycerski  "
"The PDF on ""Schedules of Reinforcement ""is not attached to this video in the instructors notes. Is this PDF located somewhere else in this lesson, posted somewhere else on Udacity, or is it not posted yet?"
Noticed that Lessons 7 and 8 for Intro to Psych are now up, but the video downloads are still not available. PLEASE start posting the downloads at the same time that the lessons with streaming video are posted. For some of us with poor internet connections the video downloads are crucial, and they are always posted late. I'm going on a road trip tomorrow, and I really wanted to download the videos before heading off.
I have watched the video a couple of times and even fast forwarded it to about the 2:40 mark and is seems like every time from 2:40 to the end it is just blank as in  a black screen and no sound? Just wanted to make sure that I am not the only one seeing this and that I am not missing any material that may have been presented in that minute where it goes blank like that.
"Here's my mnenomic device.   BC TIMES FV  Here's my way of going from shallow to deep in encoding 
It has a rhyme and a structure. BC rhymes with FV. 
It's also like an equation.
And I can think of BC TIMES (as in a olden times). FV, is simply Flour Vitamins, since this is what Bread Cheese would be to people from ancient times..
 It has a rhyme and a structure. BC rhymes with FV.  It's also like an equation. And I can think of BC TIMES (as in a olden times). FV, is simply Flour Vitamins, since this is what Bread Cheese would be to people from ancient times.."
Hey Lauren, Just needed to know what sort of medication or therapies are used to treat these people?
"Questions like this become a guessing game.
Read through the attached link to the Brain Observatory also  
Hold down a job? (Prof Snycerski)
Remember? (Obvious answer)
Create new long term memory (Prof Feist
get his high school diploma (Prof Snycerski)
Unable to solve crossword puzzle? (HM link)
Unable to recognize hospital staff (HM link)
 Hold down a job? (Prof Snycerski) Remember? (Obvious answer) Create new long term memory (Prof Feist get his high school diploma (Prof Snycerski) Unable to solve crossword puzzle? (HM link) Unable to recognize hospital staff (HM link)"
"remove-punishment
add-reinforcement  decrease-negative
increase-positive  wrong answers for both Q20 and Q21"
I have attended three different courses on Introduction to Psychology, none of them could explain Classical Conditioning so well. After going thru these lessons I thought  I have now learned it. Thank you for such a great job!
Susan said that after a person under influence of a psychostimulant go on a 'run' for 2-3 days, then 'crash'. What does this specifically mean?
Just wanted to know.
Amphetamine - the concentration-enhancing drug.  Is over-usage of Amphetamine harmful? That is, if it's not a psychotropic drug. Also how would such a drug work in affecting our CNS? Thanks.
Can't alcohol also be a stimulant?
"But the answer was that it did not. I checked online; tobacco does lead to eye-related problems, culminating in blindness. I read many links. Here's a reliable one: http://www.health.ny.gov/prevention/tobacco_control/smoking_can_lead_to_vision_loss_or_blindness.htm http://www.health.ny.gov/prevention/tobacco_control/smoking_can_lead_to_vision_loss_or_blindness.htm"
Very frustrating!  Tried remember, recall, to form new long term memories, and finally hit on to form new memories. This question really isn't fair - if an open-ended question with multiple correct ways of answering, but accepts only one exactly worded answer,  then the question should be redesigned. remember, recall, to form new long term memories to form new memories
Could not access this question - please check for glitches and re upload!
I love the content in this lesson, but found that the problem set was irritating. Questions were not well designed to allow correct responses, some items were poorly phrased or omitted words and it wasn't always clear what responses were expected. I felt it had been written in a big hurry. This is poor test design Udacity people! 
When I tried to move onto this slide, the my browser wouldn't load it.  Is anyone else running into this problem or is it just me?
would it be correct to say that a reflex and an unconditioned response are the same thing?
the videos seem out of focus or is it just my monitor?
"I just want to say thank you for all you are working hard to prepare the materials of this course. 
Even though it is my first course ever I took in the psychology, you presented the course very efficient, fluent and exciting, which makes me  wait for start of next lesson to devour it.
thanks.  "
if you choose between the answers you reach a terminology as a right answer. In the lesson did we have such terminology? It seems to me new and never used in the lesson.
Neanderthals are just a subspecies of homo sapiens.
Why I couldn't see the class movie? Waiting, waiting, waiting ,but it doesn't show anything. What should I do?
"I tried ""Rule of seven"" but it didn't work. Who knows the answer? "
"what about stress? 
I think that stress has a big role during a pregnancy and if a mother exposure to a stressful situation or an anxiety response then the body will react and chemicals will affect the fetus.is that correct? "
Hi does anyone know when the for-credit courses open up for fall enrollment? Did not see any sort of academic calendar anywhere on the site -- just want to make sure I don't miss the date and can plan ahead, thanks.
I don'n know the answer, my answers are wrong
I don't remember talking about orienting response in the lesson. Was it ever discussed?
please! what is th correct answer? 
Has anyone heard of segmented sleep? Someone described this to me the other day, and it sounded very interesting as it is supposedly the natural clock. segmented sleep I know I have certainly felt like my body was trying to do a segmented sleep at times (waking up after 4-5 hours and then wanting to go back to sleep a little bit after that). Also, if humans continue toward this trend of an eight hour night of sleep, perhaps that will become normal? And if that is the case, are we missing out on certain advantages?
I appreciate the advice for sleep hygiene, but without sources or reasons behind these, I'm afraid I don't understand the motivation behind some of these. Specifically, why no reading in bed or exercising before bed?
or potentiation or neuroplasticity?
"In the lesson it was introduced as ""research"", but the answer to the question was science. What?"
This is more of a physics question then anything, but what happens when you turn up the volume really loud... it seems like the pressure required to make those waves would be too high? Something like a 1000 dB...
Especially with Lesson 6, 7 and 8. Been trying for ages. Stops after a few minutes on its own. Is it just me?
How is yelling at your dog a POSITIVE reinforcement ?  I assumed the yelling would be aversive and annoying and that would categorize the example as a NEGATIVE reinforcement but noooooooooooooooooooo.
I put all the answers and everytime it appears: falso, try again
I would like to know abt this study done, how was it discovered abt the 50000 yrs.  I am fascinated by this statement and would like to know abt such a research done. If any paper could be suggested then all the better.
I had firstly chosen the right to-be answer and to my disbelief got wrong as feedback. I did solve this by ticking on every other wrong answer and submit them so once I got back to the right answer (the one I had chosen in the first place) I finally got 'Correct!'  as feedback.
The three graphs without described axis does not say anything. Please fix it.
The definition  of drug dependence  refers to  factors that make it difficult for a person to stop taking drugs  because of craving or withdrawal symptoms  quiz 14?
pic not available to me
So the conditioned stimulus was the rat and the fear was the conditioned response, what  about the bang and the hammer,  what kind of stimulus is it? - I get a little confused 
There is a lot of things to remember and they all have long names. Is it possible to have some pdfs on this please?
Memories of one first pet and how to read reside in ?  how is the answer correct ? where is the answer ? i mean i tried and in problem set and got answer but couldn't understood. someone please explain 
I don't understand why I keep getting try again when I know I am putting in the correct answer.  I've even tried other answers but I still get try again.  Is there a problem with the program?
Is it possible to get a copy of the closing points?
Is there a specific pairing that t Lauren experienced with a snake, if it's valid to ask?  - I was just wondering because my mother has a phobia for snakes and it's interesting that she can't really tell why she is affraid  except for clues  as to why, such as when my grandfather found  a big snake inside a tree trunk while cutting it down in front of her when she lived in a farm.
Awesome work guys as a sleep technologist myself I LOVE the sleep ralated parts cause they are part of my daily work. I just wanted to point out that according to the American Academy of Sleep Medicine the use of Stage 4 sleep is discontinued,  nowadays Stage 3 and Stage 4 are combined as Stage 3. 
Would emotional pain be an unconditional punisher?  Or is it a learned behavior/too objective,  thus classifying it as a conditional punisher?  (I was wondering because from the lessons on the brain and sensation, we learned that both physical pain and emotional pain activate the same parts of the brain, so are they both considered unconditional?)
"Hello
Why would John yelling at his dog be positive reinforcement ?  Thank you. -Olga"
I didn't see Greg anywhere during the 'Consciousness' lesson!
I do not know the answer to question 16.
If CNS depressants are used to help with insomnia, then why is alcohol bad for our sleep?
I tried all the possible combinations, none of them seem to work
"Does anyone know where I can find the Writing Project due on July 7?
Please help!! "
I couldn't find a similar question  so I'm posting one here. 
I think I've tried about every possible answer now, but it still isn't right...  Can someone please help me...
"Ok, I have input the answer as"" rule of seven"" / or "" 5,7,9"" or "" five, seven, nine."" none of those three answers are correct. Could anyone please explain what answer does the computer accept?  I feel like this lesson is more like an English lesson than a psychology lesson to me. "
"Hello! If you have ever heard Germany is bureaucrat's paradise, you might be right...due to legal restrictions, I wasn't able to watch http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo7jcI8fAuI! Can someone post it on vimeo or another video engine? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo7jcI8fAuI Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"how i remembered:
Milk, Cheese, Eggs- dairy products/ farm
tomatoes, flour- Italian
ice cream, soda- Junk food
vitamins, bread- high concentrations    "
From my observations, when the bell is sounded, Greg automatically turned his head to the sound of the bell. That is an unconditioned stimulus, Him flinching later due to being shot is just an add on. Makes me wonder will Greg in the end turn his head towards the bell while flinching at the same time?
"The dog very well could bark due to the confusion of being trained to learn a pattern of Bell -&gt; Food. For example, my dog jumps when I am bringing her dish to the usual spot. If I stood there with the dish not moving or acknowledging her, she would most definitely bark since something is clearly out of the ordinary. If I did this over and over (prepared the food, walked with her half way to her spot, then turned around and put the food away), she will salivate less, not salivate, and bark. "
Smell is part of central nervous system ? Not somatic ? 
Couldn't this question's answer be either Conditioned Response or Positive Reinforcement? We are told that a loud irritating sound is coming from a pipe. If we bang on it, it goes away and we are now happy. Every single time from then one, we bang on the pipe immediately because we have associated banging on the pipe with positive results.  So we have conditioned ourselves to associate banging on the pipe with positive results AND receive positive reinforcement each time we successfully bang on the pipe (since the irritating sound goes away thereafter).  Where am I wrong in my logic? Why is this Negative Reinforcement?
"effect is a noun
affect is a verb "
where do I find the answer. I'm kinda loss and I've tried differrent answers I need help
Just an FYI... there are no automated captions for this page.
Is there going to be a section on this?
I honestly can't do it, I had to cheat on these videos,  no matter how much I repeated the video and did what you said, these days my memory is pretty bad.  Are we supposed to be unsuccessful or are there people who can actually do this because I'm having a very hard time on this?
"Shouldn't it be the recency effect?
Thanks "
"""Tori remembers how to drive a car with a manual transmission, but when asked how she does it, she just says, ""I don't know-it's automatic."" Is she really driving manual if it's automatic?"
"In the slide response versus trial, the video explains that acquisition is US+CS but in couple of slides earlier the acquisition is defined as ""repeated process of pairing neutral stimulus and unconditioned stimulus"". Please advise if the response vs trial video should read it as NS + US ?"
"Hello! A book I have found particularly useful was ""Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts"" by Carol Tavris and Elliot Aronson. Especially the chapters about false memories by victims of sexual abuse (that were very likely NOT abused!).  But be warned, some descriptions might be shocking for sensitive readers. Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
is there a difference between schema and stereotype?
I know it's due today but I can't find it.
What is the answer?
I can not hit the correct order, do not know where I am going wrong.
"I am an evening person.  I heard much that staying up too late is not good at all to our health, even though we still have an adequate amount of time of sleep, because some restoring and developing process only occur during night. However, in my case - an evening person, why don't my body develop and adapt to my timetable??
Human is naturally morning person, isn't it??? "
When are the next lessons (8-16 ) coming out? Can't wait!
A cup of Milk, with a fried egg, tomato and cheese sandwich for breakfast. Vitamins and soda for lunch. Ice Cream and flour for dinner.
I thought of making a frittata for breakfast (I remembered soda as baking soda), eating ice cream and taking my vitamins.
My mother (72) has to take only three medicines per day and she invariably forgets one or more. (we have got the functioning of her memory checked, it's at the normal functioning level for her age). Especially the first medicine which has to be taken half an hour before breakfast. (we have tried pill boxes without any success) Now of course, she hates to take medicines (that's why she forgets) and the only positive reinforcer for her to take it is to avoid the mild scolding  she gets from me for forgetting. The effects of not taking the medicine (negative reinforcer : acidity) usually occurs way too late in the day to be useful. What kind of schedule of reinforcement is to be applied to change her behaviour? 
Maybe Each Clown Takes Five Souls Into Vishnu's Bodega
"Hi Everyone! 
     I want to start this discussion just by asking a simple question....  Do you think we learn language from others or do you think we are born with a language acquisition device in other words do we have an innate biologically-based capacity to acquire language? OR- Do you think it is a mixture of both?  Let me know what you think before watching the lesson then after watching the lesson tell me if your opinions change or stay the same and why.  -Lauren "
"Hi,
I thought I'd throw out a question or two on Lesson 10 since it's an area I do research in and am curious about your thoughts:   
Do you think traditional IQ tests (ie with a single score) capture fully human intelligence? 
What do you think about the criterion of a problem/thought needing to also be useful and adaptive and not just original to be creative? 
 Do you think traditional IQ tests (ie with a single score) capture fully human intelligence?  What do you think about the criterion of a problem/thought needing to also be useful and adaptive and not just original to be creative?  Let me know what you think! ~Dr. Feist"
"Can I ask why we are defining grammar vs. syntax in such a simple way?  It seems that syntax and grammar are essentially the same concept.  A grammatically correct sentence is constructed using the correct syntax. Grammar is basically a system of applied syntax rules? Syntax is the branch of linguistics that deals with the grammatical arrangement of words and morphemes in the sentences of a language or of languages in general.  The study of the rules whereby words or other elements of sentence structure are combined to form grammatical sentences.
http://www.wordreference.com/definition/syntax  http://www.wordreference.com/definition/syntax Grammar is the study of structural relationships in language or in a language, sometimes including pronunciation, meaning, and linguistic history. The system of rules implicit in a language, viewed as a mechanism for generating all sentences possible in that language.
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/syntax  http://www.thefreedictionary.com/syntax"
After initially failing I noticed that #4 was apparently marked incorrectly.  I inputted 52327...
"The link mentioned in the video is missing.  I guess if I was more creative perhaps I would go to Google and search for one?  Hopefully you can provide a recommendation.   Here's what I found after a few moments of searching :: Test Your Creativity: 5 Classic Creative Challenges ==&gt; http://99u.com/articles/7160/test-your-creativity-5-classic-creative-challenges http://99u.com/articles/7160/test-your-creativity-5-classic-creative-challenges"
What is the lowest pitch that a cat can hear?
I don't have any picture on youtube video in lesson 9 but I can only hear the sound. I have refresh setting on youtube but still has no affect.  Can anyone suggest a solution please? I would be grateful.  Cheers, Vaiolela'i Niu  
I dream in both English and German.  When I was taking an intensive German course at the Defense Language Institute at Monterey CA, we had 8 hours of classes each day.  During one 3 day period that specialized in military terms, my roommate woke me up in the middle of the night because I dreamed that I was directing a battle and shouting out the commands in German.  It seemed to disturb his sleep a bit.  :-)
Working Memory Test, what if the participant cheated by using the chunking technique? Wouldn't that make the working memory test invalid?
I think syntax is the one refer to arranging words and symbols in sentences
"I don't think I heard the definition of syntax in this lesson. If I missed it can anyone tell me where to look for it? The definition of grammar in the lesson was defined as "" the entire set of rules for combining symbols and sounds to speak and write a particular language"" but the first blank is not grammar. Can someone please explain this to me and what the exact definition of syntax is?"
"I was born and raised in Korea and moved to the U.S. 6 years ago
I speak,read, and write both language fluently.   Ever since I watched a movie called Inception, I started to do a lot of research on ""How to Lucid Dream""  Now, I have dreams all the time, and the most interesting dreams I have are when my american friends are speaking Korean to my Korean friends and my Korean friends are speaking in English to my American friends. 
I always thought this is amazing because none of my American friends speak Korean in real life.   Let me know if anyone else have experienced this before!"
Quick question. I'd like to know if the course finishes when the last topic is uploaded or if we get a few weeks afterwards to finish. Thanks Mia
"It should really be ""What lifeforms do most psychologists today think have intelligence?"" I do not agree with most (current) psychologists. It seems rather arbitrary to me to say that only life forms with nervous systems can produce intelligence. Plants, for example, are able to learn, adapt, and have memories. As long as information is able to be stored and acted upon autonomously within an individual, whether or not it happens through a nervous system is irrelevant. What is learning if not a sign of intelligence? See here for more on this topic: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plant_intelligence#Plant_intelligence http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plant_intelligence#Plant_intelligence"
why can't it be all the above
We are more than halfway through the course, Just wanted to publicly share my experience with the course: 1. Looks completely created by Greg, Susan and Lauren:  Certain sections of the course are very good, like the content and arrangement of  the ideas which forms the core. Things like illustrations need a little improvement. However, since these concepts maybe new to the team, I always want to be educated by people who themselves are willing to learn NEW and are not caught up in their own world 1. Looks completely created by Greg, Susan and Lauren: 2. Great for students who have NO background: I am a Mechanical engineer and have limited grasp of Biology. I found the course very stimulating and an enriching experience. Analysing my own excitement of waiting for Tuesday ( thats when the new modules go live ie. METACOGNITIVE THINKING :)) proves that the course is doing the trick for me 2. Great for students who have NO background: 3.  Learn to add more value to your life:  By understanding and applying concepts to everyday life, I am now able to take conscious decisions, analyse behavior and try to relate to my peer thinking. This will help me to become a better manager and a better human being. 3.  Learn to add more value to your life: 4. Please suggest additional readings on every topic: So, what if one topic excites me and I want to learn more about it. one way is googling, but I have realized that although all the information today is available on the www, its always great to have a guide to help steer though the cacophony. 4. Please suggest additional readings on every topic:
I just wondered if the person who was doing Yoga was Miriam... I thought she loves yoga, so.
"I sometimes have video jumping.
By that, I mean that when i am watching a video, it suddenly moves to the next video although the first one is not finished yet.  I am using Windows 8 IE 10 Metro app.
It is kind of frustrating and there might be other people who is having same problem, so I would be happy if this issue is looked into. "
Is behaviour part of what cognitive psychology study? Is the salivation of a dog really related to cognition?
"I am completely unable to distinguish ""clinical psychology"" and ""biological psychology"". May the professor give us more explanation?"
I put sympathetic nerve system. but it does not let me pass
"I don't  know  the  right answer of  that question.  Will you  tell me answer? The========  regulates  blood pressure  and heart rate;it also controls some of our basic reflexes such as  coughing , swallowing,and vomiting."
Are the definitions reversed? I just flipped my answers to get a correct response but I'm not sure that these are the right definitions for grammar and syntax.
I think grouping is a category but in problem set their is no such option. 
Thanks beforehand!
The video pain from a cut cannot be shown. Youtube shows the above error.
"what is the last day of this class in order to get certification ?
thanks for your reply.
khyati   "
I am 100 percent cool with being wrong, but aren't the answers interchanged here.? To get the Problem 13 labeled as correct you'll have to fill it up as shown below: Syntax comprises the entire set and Grammar refers to the rules Whereas upon review of the 'Human Language' video, Lauren clearly writes that Grammar is the entire set of the rules for combining symbols and sounds to speak and write a particular language.  https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/1763527/udacity_quiz.jpg https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/1763527/udacity_quiz.jpg
"The case for Chomsky's view of language acquisition wasn't put forward in a very detailed way, lacking arguments against Skinner. Why don't children grow up speaking like their parents speak to them when they are young? Parents use a different intonation and simplified language with young children - known as 'nursery tone' or caretaker language. If Skinner is correct, why do children form utterances they could never have heard from their caregivers? For example, a child might say "" I putted the plates on the table!"" The language they hear in their environment would never give them this utterance. This sentence is evidence of the child acquiring the past tense - they've figured out the ""-ed"" ending, but haven't yet realised that there are irregular verbs. You can see that I'm more persuaded by Chomsky's theory. But he concentrated on grammatical acquisition; it seems that our stock of vocabulary is acquired differently, with Skinner's ideas of environmental stimulus with repeated exposure being important. "
a poorly worded question with no indication that more than one answer is possible
Working Memory fill in the numbers from memory? When explaining the numbers to be remembered the fourth box there is a 7 in the answer as the second number. The first time that it was stated as 52327 with the answer as 572327. Of course it's hard. I hope this helps. When tested would this count against the results?
Although I knew that the answer would be that all the trucks are of the same size but still I wasn't able to distinguish why was it so?
If I'm not mistaken, should the answers be GRAMMAR for the first fill-in and SYNTAX for the second fill-in? Thanks!
"Has any one read Congo by Michael Crichton?  It's perfect for the latter half of the Language and Thought lesson! Congo What do you think of Amy (the gorilla) in the story in relation to this lesson?  How realistic is her frustration with others or her species not being able to comunicate with her by sign language? How about the ""new species"" and their language development, even if fictitious?"
I'm a native Cantonese speaker and am able to speak Mandarin and English.  Before I need to speak Mandarin and/or English a lot, my dreams are exclusively in Cantonese.  However, since I started to speak more English and Mandarin daily, English and Mandarin  sneaked into my dreams. Anyone else has this kind of experience?
"I sometimes feel frustrating because there are some questions which requires students to write their answer in their own word. Now this is  not a problem at all for me, because most of the questions accept all the answers no matter what you type.
However, there are some who requires particular ""wording"" and if you don't use that word you are wrong.
Let's say there is a question with answer ""impossible"", and if you type ""not possible"", it's wrong, although those answers mean same thing.   Since English is not my first language, I find it very frustrating because I often have to just watch the answer. I suggest staffs to either use multiple-choice question, or to accept all the answers when using ""writing question"". Thanks!
Hope this post will help Udacity's improvment!  Gingerbread  "
what does tobacco use lead to?
what happens when one is said to have lost memory, which part of the brain is affected
"Is there a method in science by which we can ensure that neurons be engaged to be used more so as to increase brains' functionality?
How can we increase neural activities by physical activities? "
In case of crime there is test which is run to ascertain if the person is telling the truth, is it also the function of the brain, which part of brain helps in that.
Isn't this very dependent on the person watching? Some people just have no eye or memory for people and probably wouldn't notice if you had sported a beard. For instance I have absolutely no memory for faces almost to the point where I only recognize my own face in the mirror because I know who's looking into it. I would probably have noticed a change in your voice or smell (if that was possible in a video) easily. Funnily enough - I guessed right at the first attempt.
What was measured was growth of brain tissue. However that answer is not accepted. growth of brain tissue I've tried for ages entering every phrase used in the video to describe the dependent variable.
Where is the forum which we discuss the theories?
are the correct answers right on this?
"There's a classic logical flaw present in some cases of deductive reasoning-- as a pessimist, I despise using the words ""always"" and ""never"", because there is never an appropriate situation in which ""always"" or ""never"" can be used appropriately. Having said this, it was stated that if General Premise's A &amp; B were correct, so too was the specific conclusion. An example of using this correctly:
Premise A: Books have pages.
Premise B: I have a book.
Conclusion: I have pages.    ...And an example of how this can be flawed.
Premise A: I dislike fish.
Premise B: Fish are animals.
Conclusion: I dislike animals.
While it is logical that I would inevitably dislike some animals, it has now become a general, and possibly false, statement.     some"
"Isn't Hierarchy a subset of Associative Networks?
Is hierarchy is a rather rigid, generalized and logical way of representation while the Associative Networks are free form structure and rather personalized in nature? "
According to the Ox-axis, intellectually disabled individuals should score less than 55 (not less than 70) and geniuses, more than 145 (not 140). Is this right?
"Industrial psychology focuses on using differences to improve the effectiveness of organizations.
Organizational psychology  focuses on applicant and employee attitudes and behavior.
So I is more personal......   This course is not easy for me.&gt;o&lt;"
I though the answer was Pavolov?   Did I miss something here?
"The link to Project HM is currently http//thebrainobservatory.ucsd.edu/hm and it needs to be http://thebrainobservatory.ucsd.edu/hm
(note the semi-colon) http://thebrainobservatory.ucsd.edu/hm  Thanks!"
I'm a mathematical-logical, spatial and interpersonal person. Sometimes when I'm depressed, I'm kind of intrapersonal and naturalistic. It sounds like a typical symptoms of multiple personality disorder, doesn't it? :D But research shows that you can be extrovert most of the time and introvert sometimes. 
I think the question should be decomposed to multiple quizzes for each box. Believe me, i have taken the test and it ask you each time you listen to or read an ever-longer sequence of numbers. Psychological staff, please edit the quiz or at least, give us an explanation!
Just put the bell tone on his cell phone as his ring tone. I bet within a day all his colleagues will have acquired nerf guns and develop a spontaneous conditioned reflex to shoot at Greg whenever his phone rings.
Whats with the busy borders around the screen?  It is very distracting with all the dots and lines.
Hello everybody, I d like to know how much time we have to clear this course. Will the course be closed after week 16 or can we take as much time as we want to? I d also like to know if there is a test or exam in the end of the course and if there is grade or just the small tests at the end of each week. Thank a lot.
"Hello! I wonder if companies or organisations are intelligent by definition - if adequately managed - too. Think about it: For example, any organisation must learn or adapt to changing environments (open new businesses if necessary); acquire new knowledge (research and development, or buy external experts) and so on.  What do you think? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! I would agree, but where would ""being a good businessman"" go into? I think that you would need more than simply mathematical and interpersonal intelligence, but something like ""recognizing chances"" - where would this go into? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! I tend do disagree with point E; as a priest or rabbi must take care for the spiritiual needs of his community - while point E is true for a monk, a priest or rabbi that takes his ""job"" serious must have high interpersonal intelligence.  Note that this statement has no valutation whatsoever. - What do you think, is E still correct? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! If I got this correctly, if someone scores beyond 100, he ""scores at a higher level than most of the population"". But shouldn't it be ""than half of the population"", since 100 is defined as the median level of intelligence of a population? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! One thing should be remembered: this modelling with a standard distribution is quite accurate, but a model that has its limits. For example, this model tells that there is a very small, but existent probability to find people with IQ below zero.  Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! Just a remark: ""Example creative thnking test"" on the right panel has been misspelled.  Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Some children (I'm not qualified to say "" all"")  have a soft area in the middle of their skull, as if the skull if not fully developed.
This soft area gets covered by the skull with age. Does this phenomena has to do anything with the development of the frontal lobes ? "
Hello, I ve missed the first midterm exam. Can i still have the credit? 
1 line if it is thick enough, will cover all 9 dots. :)
I can not see the video. Is this a problem with my system or this video is removed?
"My areas of curiousity would be Human Ideology, and Morality. Ideology: why do humans have these ideas of how things should be, or why they seek something like this in their lives. Basically with Morality I wanna figure out if it is... in built, so to speak. That whether morality is just lessons taught to us from childhood, or something that is actually a part of us.
Though I do have a particular interest in these two questions, I signed up for this course for everything that it has to offer. Human behaviour, psychological disorders, and so on. I think this is a pretty awesome field of study! "
Hello to all the instructors! I joined the course late, and so I missed the practice exam 1. So can I attempt it now and enroll for a credit?
"Is there any real difference between psychoactive and psychotropic drugs, except that the ones are not prescribed and the others are? I.e., any other difference than ""bad stuff, because we say so, at least at the moment"" and ""usually bad, unless we give it to you""? real For example, cocaine (the example from the video) once was a prescribed drug (according to the wikipedia article), and also heroin and marijuana are sometimes used in medicine.  was Also, is psychotropic a subset of psychoactive, or are they exclusive? E.g., are antidepressants just psychotropic, or both? (Update: just as I'm writing this question, the latter part was answered in a later video: they are both) Update:"
"As I see in illustration our fluid inteligence stop it growth at age 25-35, then go down till late 60-th but just for few percents, much less then average difference in IQ between two best in IQ Harward students and then dramaticly go down later.. 
Does it mean that we must develop our fluid inteligence till 30 because later we can only use what we have and IQ newer grows? "
is it the same?
I saw things it's the same. First we deny the problem. Then we are angry on the world, ourself or other person depending on our responsibility habits and understanding. Then we try to whatever we can to save relations. Then we fall in depression because we feel so weak, unsecure and our main needs are not covered anymore.. then we accept the situation and go forward..
"Based on the short test of remembering and repeating the six sets of short numbers, I cannot recall any of the numbers in proper order no matter how many times I re-watch the video. I have no issue remembering things I saw one time in lesson five, yet I cannot recall three numbers from thirty seconds previously; what does this imply about my working memory? It is really depressing for me that I cannot perform such a simple task, yet have no issue reading complex and difficult works of literature. "
Why mice are usually involved in research, especially psychological research. Is it because their their brains have developed enough to resemble humans' brains,  because they are cost effective, or there is another good reason ?
I don t know the answer, please help me.
"Don t know the answer.
Could someone help me ? "
Thanks for nice course. I like that you put some neurobiological stuff. Still I'd like to see more info why do we need psychological pain. In your video it's like it's good to use drugs to fight such psychological pain and depression but as I know pain has great adaptational reasons. It can also motivate for changes.  I am not sure is it more lesson 3 or 6 to put in but please give more attention that fear, stress and pain are major parts of out development and fighting them with drugs can harm our personality. I know that there studies that some antidepression drugs have just few percents better effect then placebo so in long term perspective such drugs are not helping with psychological problems of pacients.  Also if possible can you give more info how reward system works in brain (illustrating neurons and neurotransmitters)? And how drugs affect it. Thanks!
What do you think of nootropics, whichsupposedly make people more intelligent, better communicators, increase memory, etc? Anyway tried with success? 
"Are the Correct Answers wrong? Because I got marked off for putting ""Grammar"" for the first space and ""Syntax"" for the second space on #13, I am pretty positive these answers are right, but the system is claiming that those answers are wrong. If so will this mistake be corrected in the system? I don't want to lose credit on this problem set. Thank You!"
In the video, Ms. Castellano said there would be links to learn more about apes learning to speak American Sign Language. Could you please post those? I'd like to read them. One of the main questions I have is whether the apes who communicated using ASL were able (or attempted) to teach it to their offspring.
"One thing that's annoying me about this course is the large number of hard to guess free-text responses, like in the ""Purpose of extinguishing "" question. I tried ""to avoid lasting trauma"", or ""to relieve fear"", but the thing that was asked was ""ethical reasons"". I think everybody has some idea why it would be a nice thing to ""undo"" that response, but how should one know the exact wording for such questions without looking at the answer video?"
My question is if http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bouba/kiki_effect is real, why don't the words for the same object  in different languages sound so different sometimes? Was there ever an ur-language which got transformed into different families of languages as humans spread out all over the world? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bouba/kiki_effect
"In the lecture  ""stimulants, in Lesson 6, Susan says the both cafeine and cocaine are stimulants, but cocaine is much more strong. But, potency aside,  are they actually the same?  Drinking several capuccinos in a row would be similar to take a line of cocaine, in terms of brain response?"
"I think framing this as welfare family versus poor or working poor is not fair. In the US, the word welfare has a heavy negative inference that can be easily avoided by using different language. Even in the next video, welfare families are compared to higher income families, instead of using similarly descriptive language.  One may also refer to higher income families as capitalist or greedy families and thus make the same impression on the viewer. 
The way I see it, it's Lutz versus Lakoff or neither. "
"Hey Everyone, 
    I hope everyone is having a good day! To start this week's discussion I would like to ask you two questions: 
     Do you think making yourself smile can actually make you happy? 
     Have you ever tried to smile to make yourself feel better? If so what happened?    "
I found that funny.
"I'm a native English speaker and really changed when I learned about the subjunctive in Spanish/Castillian... It altered my thoughts and understanding of my long held beliefs on objectivity and subjectivity and really my perspective on how the world and societies function and don't.
Sin camino no hay caminante
 I believe English has the subjunctive, but I'm pretty sure it's used very minimally.  "
what exactly does engaging in self-regulation mean in terms of critical thinking?
"is there a field of study related to teaching critical thinking or moving non-critical thinkers into believing or understanding critically thought ideas?
i find that usually it's done simply through leadership- some people lead while others follow whether leaders are critical thinkers or not- and uneducated followers are often left uneducated and without critically thought ideas. "
maybe my english is not so good but it looks like maybe we lost some parts of lecture :(
How long is this course??
"it can negatively affect
or 
it can have a negative effect  "
There is an error in the system that is occurring more often I have noticed when I answered the question correctly with my convictions that I have studied the material but the system marked my answer incorrect, what do you do? 
Which  nervous   system regulate the blood pressure and heart rate? 
I recall in the video lecture that it said something about it doing a poor job on measuring how successful they were?
"So how dependence and control is correlated in this case? I thought we control(change) adult behaviour so it's not independent :) 
It would be easier for me to understand if you used other terms: ""changing environmental variable"" and ""resulted variable"" or something like that.     "
Is the Problem Set for 11 due tonight?
Name the system consist of hypothalamus, Pituitary Gland, Hippo campus etc. ? and important in motivation and ..................?
"We learn a lot of bad ways when we are Little, especially children from neglecting/dysfunctional parents, victims of abuse, bias, nagative thinking patterns, complexes, traumas, etc. Only if we learn to unlearn those negative patterns can be become succesful adults? So would you say that ""unlearn"" is as important as learning?"
http://www.smh.com.au/national/children-invent-new-language-in-remote-nt-community-20130716-2q1k6.html http://www.smh.com.au/national/children-invent-new-language-in-remote-nt-community-20130716-2q1k6.html This is fascinating. And kind of unbelievable.
Need help answering problem 22, Lesson 8.
spelling mistake though 'site of food' can be correct if you're talking about scents. 
"At age of six, I was given large play part to memorize.  I had several days of severe headaches and 
could not attend school.  When I went back to school, I had the play down pat.  A few months later at age seven, I noticed I could read (At the level of 6-8 graders).   Later, I noticed that many of the genius mathematicians were give large rote memory tasks at early age by their fathers.  A top neurologist later told me that the head aches were more likely to lower IQ (I might have been smart till that happen).  So I was left with a small plus three sigma IQ..."
I chose personality and it was not accepted as correct.  I then tried all the other answers and none were accepted as correct.
"Hello everyone,  Is the ""Ask a question"" section of Udacity considered to be the forums? I am not really sure what is meant by ""discuss on the forums"" when I do not see any reference to it on the course wiki. Is it on Canvas, as I do not check that at all.  Thanks!"
According to the answer, clapping isn't an automatic response to stimuli. However, when the whole room starts to applaud (say, after a performance) I can't help but immediately join them without thinking about it. What would you say, can clapping be a reflex?
"Just inquisitive about a book I read.
So, I read a book named 'Blink' by Malcolm Gladwell which describes about the thin-slicing and intuitive decisions made by the human mind.
In one chapter it was mentioned that there is a mental 'arousal' phase in humans in which the heart rate increases and suppose in a game of any sport we feel like there is no one else standing and we just focus on our immediate goal. It also reports that there can be a phase of positive 'arousal' between heart rate of 110 to 145 beats per minute during which the body withdraws from other tasks and focuses our senses only on the immediate goal and after that limit if it happens it may lead to bad results as the body closes too much of our senses and we are not even able to match our right hand with our left hand.
Indeed, sometimes I have also experienced this feeling while playing when we are largely focused on the game.
Is it a state of half consciousness or what? How do you describe this?     Just wanted to share."
I've just completed Practice exam 2 but notice that I didn't get Practice exam 1? Was exam 2 posted in error for those not enrolled for credit? Or did just we not get exam 1?
It may be that the sample size is too small but I don't recall a discussion about sample size in the lesson so I just ignored that point figuring that it was just my personal opinion however not part of the lesson.    Why was I wrong in thinking this way?
i have not understand from where  is this diagram concerning correlational  studies about  relationships  arising ? 
By color, for ex, white stuff. milk, eggs, (goat) cheese, flour, soda, (vanilla),  icecream, (white) bread, and then tomatos have vitamins.
the character of Tom Jenkins, is he?
"I really don't understand the answer to this question, what is specially affective trait in this case?
Which are the differences between question 1, 2 and 3? "
Cual es entonces la respuesta? Cordial saludo
The father was the main culprit, of course, but the mother turned a blind eyed for 13 years, so she was not totally innocent.
Serious bets here, let's spice things up.
"Hi there - I'm new to this and not quite sure how it works... Can I just sign up and take the classes at my own pace? (Then get a certificate upon completion?) I saw someone mention something about credits too how does that fit in? (Does that mean we have to take the class from a specific date &amp; finish within a specific time? And if so, where do we find those dates?) Thank you!!"
They didnt learn it spontanously, in their own, they had to learn it from the scientifics, so that would be back Skinner's model of social learning, and language a tool that is learnt?
"I noticed English has a lot of precise expressions for ideas that must be said in a more vague, general way in Spanish. For example ""shopping"", you say let's go shopping. The same idea exists in Spanish, of course, but it's ""vamos de compras"", it's longer and less precise. I've found many examples of this.  So I'd say English is more rich in terms of semantics and nuances, but much poor in grammar. There are a few exceptions, though. For eample ""wall"" in English is more general, can have meanings of : 1- The wall in my house.
2- The Berlin wall.
2- firewall.   In Spanish, we got different words for each one:  1- pared
2- muro
3- cortafuegos.  "
In that movie, they show  a lab made super warrior with no fear, they can send him anywhere as an assasin. Of course it's just a movie, but it's very likely they do top secret experiments like that , at least duting the cold war. Do you think they turned him into a killing machine by removing his amgdala?
Is it possible that a person has half eye near sighted and far sighted? The reason why i ask because my eyes are both far and near sighted 
Is it possible that a person has half eye near sighted and far sighted? The reason why i ask because half of my eyes are far and near sighted 
"""Does stress effect our health?"" means ""Does stress cause our health to come into being?"" affect: have an effect on
effect (as a verb): cause something to happen; bring about  Sorry if It sounds nit-picky, but if someone knows the difference, it's confusing!"
It would be helpful here to state somewhere that you can select more than one answer. I happen to know the difference between a square checkbox and a round radio button, but I'm a tech geek. Others might not... :)
I don't have a clue what to put.. every combination I think of and think of again...is not correct...???
We will be posting the Personality lesson soon (13) and to get you warmed up, I wanted to throw out a question:  Where do you think our unique personality qualities mostly come from: temperament, genetic, and inborn (nature) forces or more  social, environmental forces (nurture)? Or both? That is, what is the primary force behind our personality differences?  ~Dr. Feist
i think the classes are great, but just as feedback to make more accesable the material  i think it will be very usefull to upload the reading material as well in other languages such as spanish.
"Upon answering question 7 correctly, this feedback gets displayed: 
Dr. Helm seems to be viewing Jared's depression as ...spoilers....
Other psychologists may view his problem through a different lens. In
the next two questions we will see what the other doctors would say...
 Dr. Helm seems to be viewing Jared's depression as ...spoilers....
Other psychologists may view his problem through a different lens. In
the next two questions we will see what the other doctors would say...   However, the ""next two questions"" referred are number 5 and 6. 
You'd probably want that feedback in question 5, not 7, or you would want to reorder the questions. :) "
"Is respiration controlled by the somatic nervous system, the autonomic one, or both? Most of the time breathing happens automatically, which would suggest autonomic, but the moment you become aware of your breathing, you take control of it.
How does that work! (Magnets?) "
Memory affects day to day life. Some people have problem  name though they can remember the face  . Why is it so 
Does it apply to all countries ?  I doubt. In some countries it could well be the opposite.  Parents spend more time with the children. Whereas the richer people / working couples have hardly time to talk to their children. So less stimulation , less communication ? 
Is there a relationship between lucid dreaming and tiredness? Wouldn't you wake up tired after a night of lucid dreaming?
I don't know if this is the video that Lauren mentioned, but it illustrates what she said. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5E5TjkDvU0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5E5TjkDvU0
here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmdycJQi4QA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmdycJQi4QA you can watch interesting documentary about Genie
La informacin es recibida por las dendritas, pasa al soma, continua en el axon hacia los botones terminales y luego la sinapsis...  porque marca hay error? Saludo
can i gain certificate on completion of this  course.
"I work nightshifts permanently, sleeping during the day and working from 2200 to 0800.
I keep this rythm during off-days too, unless there is something that needs to be done during the day (authorities etc).  This usually works well for me, but changing the rythm when I have to do something during the day for one or more days can be problematic, just as changing back afterwards.
I also know that I am ""good enough"" during the night, but I don't know if I'm actually at my best.  My question:
- Can people change their chronotype, meaning, can a morning or evening person transform into a night person given time?  This question is probably separate from the question if a morning person can transform into an evening person, given that night is something ""completely different"". I'm interested in that too though!"
I'd like to know what students of this course would think about the Ethics of the Stanley Milgram experiments on obedience to authority (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milgram_Experiment for further info) To me, it seems to be ethically questionable, as subjects were not even informed on the purpose of the experiment a priori. Yet, it could be that other experimentation methodology would have resulted in quite different conclusions, right? That, in the end, results in the next question: Is blindness on the purpose of the experiment (rather than on the independent variable) legitimate? Regards.
I guess the natural way of extinguishing Greg's fear of Bells would be to keep ringing the bell without shooting the gun, right? But what about to keep shooting him from time to time without ever ringing the bell again? Wouldn't we have the same desired result (freeing him from the CR) after a while?
"I think what Dr. Zeligs says doesn't make much sense.  Training animals in captivity is good for them because otherwise we would be forced to be cruel to them?
And they are trained for the military? 
In her words, her training might sound very nice, but I think interfering with their natural behaviour just for them to become  a useful tool for us obviously crosses ethical boundaries.  "
the input box doesn't take my correct answer. i found that the answer that i gave was correct after comparing with the answers . 
I wonder, do some animals experience some basic emotions?
"congrats on the didactic play ""odin's eye"", well done.  "
"Plz put ur comments.
regards "
"Salty = salado
savory = salado  cual es al respuesta correcta?"
"Los sabores son cuatro?
Dulce, salado, agrio (acido), amargo.   Saludo "
I mean can humans be train to behave with this perfection
Tested on both IE and Firefox. What client and version did u use?
"Can some one please elaborate what does pharmacologically active mean?
Thanks! active "
"Hi, In the Caffeine reaction time study, the video shows that the bystanders knew which group others are in. Also, the users themselves knew if they got sample ""A"" or ""B"".  This means they could ask each other and form two groups, creating possibility of influence bias. For example, suppose one of the members of the group ""A"" naturally has very high reaction time, others in group might start believing that they too should see high reaction time since they are in the same group. So, in this case, isn't it best to isolate the information of which group a user is, while conducting the experiment? Thanks,
Sachin "
"While I know it's the social norm (ESPECIALLY in schools) to advocate optimism, some of us are so-called ""pessimists"" or ""negatrons""  or even ""realists"" and have to survive this ever-present bias. What are the advantages and disadvantages of ""optimism"", ""pessimism"", and ""realism""? I'd love to hear from my comrades as to their bias on the optimism - pessimism meter as well."
"I read this news:
http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2013/07/19/san_jose_state_suspends_udacity_online_classes_after_students_fail_final.html  http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2013/07/19/san_jose_state_suspends_udacity_online_classes_after_students_fail_final.html So, this class will it end at lessons 11 or will it go on until its natural end?"
I have many times experienced the dreams in english, even though i speak Hindi(my native language) more often. They generally come after I watch a English movie or football match
After watching the movie Mocking bird don't cry (the story of Genie, who was the victim of one of the most severe cases of abuse and neglect ever documented) and reading several articles on her case, I have perhaps changed my mind regarding  who I would side with, Lenneberg or Chomsky. I think language may very will be able to be aquired past a limited time span (critical periods). I base this belief on the continued improvements in this area that Genie was able to acheive past the critical periods until a series of unfortunate events, halted her progress at this. 
"inattntional blindness:
This effect was describd by Hugo Munsterberg in 1908. 
A filmed experiment was also done prior to the film-version you suggested. I know of one where a girl with a white umbrella walks through(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3MWcSkh-3s)  "
"Hello Everyone, 
      Have any of you ever been sick after a stressful time in your life? Do you think being stressed out can cause you to get sick?   -Lauren "
"This question isn't loading for me.
I've tried three different browsers across two separate computers. "
"In test result you ask to reply ""sometimes"". In video answer it's ""yes"""
"Hello students! We have all experienced stress in our lives. Just as we've used the continuum to describe levels of consciousness and arousal, we can use a continuum to describe levels of stress (from acute to chronic, as well as intensity). The material in this lesson presents the potential negative effects of stress on both physical and mental health. As we will see in this lesson, stress can reduce our immune system functioning and cause a variety of negative effects.  We will also learn how exercise, a healthy diet, and even meditation can alleviate the negative effects of stress. To that end, please feel free to share your effective ways of dealing with stress. I like to go for long walks in the local park to de-stress (although I admit that sometimes I prefer a dessert when I'm stressed). Here's to reducing our stress levels for better mental and physical health! Best,
Dr. Snycerski "
Hi does this course have cerificate? plz answer
"I didn't get this right because ""growth of brain tissue"" was not accepted as the dependent variable. I think it is a bit a narrow-minded evaluation then."
Sexual motivation was not designed this way. It's ok to not have any blocking on topic but very often to much of masturbation creates problems. People become to independent and for years can't build normal relations with partners. I heard there some people who can get orgasm with partnerm only by masturbating.  Also there no emotional connection in process. Person lern to think only about his/her orgasm. Be aware. 
I think it's basic emotion. If you're depressed you  have no emotions and no interest to anything.
"For me there only few basic emotions based on biology. All other are syntesis of basic emotions. 
There two main groups: enjoyment and suffering(pain)
then they split to:
anxiety
fear
angry
sadness
interest
joy
attachment/love          Groups are important as they produce different motivation results. 
Enjoyment has result of relaxation and motivating to repeat behaviour, suffering gives stress and motivation of avoidance. 
As example envy is not an emotion. It's the pain reaction on risk for social refusal   because of difference or injustice. If person ""decides"" it's hard to change his/herself or do not beleive in that possibility and can't adapt to changes it feel pain mixed with fear, sadness, aggresion and anxiety. Only reason and target differs. Some people can 
What do you think?   "
"Maybe fear is not as basic emotion. it goes from pain prognosis. We fear only if prognose pain (physical or emotional) 
so it's a question about how prognosing pain can help to adapt to reality.  It might help to go away from dangerous behaviour but  still it can block our contact with reality.  If fear is unreasonable we go to illusions or behave in not optimal way.  Depending on level of awareness pain prognose can result in anxiety, shame, guilt, fear and later different reactions as aggression or avoidance. "
Not really a question, more of a comment. If you base it on the flipping of the coin, for the sake of randomness, then, it is entirely possible (although, granted, unusual) that each flip of the coin will produce the same result - and therefore you start off by having no control over how big or small your control group is. In fact, if you say that all subjects who flip the coin and get 'heads' will be in the non-caffeine group, and 90% or more of them get 'heads', then you've got a statistically insignificant number in the group that gets caffeine. One the other hand, if you pick the first half who turn up to get the caffeine and the second half doesn't get caffeine, then you get a. randomness (because there's nothing or nobody co-ordinating the order in which people turn up) and b. you get to guarantee statistically significant numbers in each group. Regards Conor
This also happened to me, and for some reason, water started just gushing out from where the handle used to be. I was worried that the whole apartment would flood. Luckily, like you, I no longer had shampoo in my hair :)
It did not load automatically, nor can I click to it.
If Parent1 is dark-skinned and Parent2 is fair-skinned, does skin color being monogenic imply that the child would be ONLY dark-skinned or ONLY fair-skinned and cannot be a combination of both? I mean to ask if there is a single gene being inherited from only one of the parents.
I saw a frog whose guts where spilled all over the place. It looked like Lauren had stepped on it, and I'm pretty sure she was grinning while doing so. I have a feeling that Katie Kormanik was pleading with her to stop, but Lauren just kept going. The frog knew this would happen, and it remained stoic until the very end. In the end, Andy Brown took the opportunity to calculate the escape velocity of the Earth. I feel for the frog. I should point out that  it may in fact have been a chameleon that Lauren mauled, in which case I am disheartened to see just how badly the lower half of its body was mangled. Why would she do this?
There's a problem with this quiz. Please check it out!
Would there be a test quiz after this course?Thanks!!!
"It looks like a word or two has gone missing from the questions. Should it have been: However we know that the drug component of the cigarette is actually classified as being in which drug class? know 2 more things: 
1) the sentence is a statement, so why end it in a question mark?
2) shouldn't it be tobacco instead of cigarette?  "
After 1:03, the Humanistic approach video shows a different cut of what had already been said in the video. No biggie, but a cut at that point might be an easy fix.
Sight not site
"The way I understood the Psilocybin for nicotine dependence experiment is that before taking the drug the subjects look at their behaviour in detail and ""judge"" it rationally, and then the psilocybin serves to ""hammer the rationality of the matter in"" - I hope nobody minds my simple words. Halfway through the video I already thinking ""this doesn't really have anything to do with nicotine specifically, it could work for ANY kind of desired behavioural change"" - and indeed a bit later he confirmed in the video that he's hoping for just that. Now, the only limitation I see is that the subject must indeed be able to analyze their behaviour in a rational way. My thought trains on this are a bit too chaotic to write out at the moment, so here's a small jump:
Assuming that this method does in time become successful, proven and everything - could you (I'm talking to anyone reading this :)) imagine some governments making this form of therapy mandatory in some cases, like for drug abusers, rapists, serial killers doing it due to an ""urge""?  If this happens, would you look at it as ""brainwashing"", seeing that the subject still makes the decision himself (the drug just reinforces it)? And if you do, what's more important - human rights for the person that would be ""brainwashed"", or ""correcting"" their behaviour?"
I honestly would do a job in which I had more time for myself, society is overdoing things with money..  I was an assistant manager for a  retail store but  I didn't have time for myself and didn't enjoy it so I quit.,   I would prefer a lower paying job enjoyable and with a good working schedule 
Really enjoyed the interview, but I would like to know what is going on in the brain of a person with narcolepsy? Are their brains slightly differently physically or is it due to more or less of a release of certain chemicals?
Regarding Lesson 13: Trait Theory Video, is there any kind of correlation between the traits?
"Excelente this class about personality! The best so far! My question is related to animals, why do not call them animal ""animality"" instead of personality?"
How i can buy the beautiful t-shirts UDACITY that a appreciate to watch Lauren Castellano wearing. Please let me now i really want to buy a couples of it
I am very surprise about the studies conclusions that family have a low contribution on personality. How to explain that? Maybe the others socializations source outside are more powerful or family members have a low profile and can be significant in terms of modeling ones personality? So this can help us to understand why strong relationship are very important for one to feel more happy.
"Intro to Psychology Lessons 12 and 13 Now Available
=&gt; the Course Progress become inaccurate, Now Available  Course Progress and thank you all for this wonderful experience."
What kind of coping should it be? it can't be instrumental. Is it palliative? Is it coping which regulates emotions and is palliative?
"In addition to recreational and social reasons....... In this part it doesn't fit the build up so well to talk about ""medical reasons"". I suggest talking about ""psychotropic substances which are misused and used"". (copare announcement in ""drugs of abuse:as opposed to medicines).
Marcus "
i heard that for PTSD you could use Beta-Blocker and therapy to help them. Would a Beta-Blocker help or not?
Hi everyone! I know there is a Udacity Meetup group for Atlanta, but I strongly suggest that everyone taking this class should join the Atlanta MOOC Meetup. It is a group for anyone taking or interested in MOOCs from the Atlanta area. It is open to students taking MOOCs from all different course providers, with the goal of providing a forum to talk about MOOCs and general online education. Check it out! http://www.meetup.com/Atlanta-MOOC-Meetup/ http://www.meetup.com/Atlanta-MOOC-Meetup/
"Hi there, With regards to the cafeine vs reaction time test you had and overall introduction to psychology research, I feel like there is something missing on all the variable discussed: size of studied groups. I'm not an expert at all but I understand that the results you have from the group would vary because of sample size. If you don't have enough participants the results could just be random variation and not reflect any causal relationship. I'm surprised you did not even discuss or mentionned that topic which seems to be very important in experimental psychology. Let me know if I've got it wrong.
Regards
Antoine  "
"how would the words encoding, structural, phonetic &amp; semantic be used as examples ""of"" levels of processing to the word amethyst ""for"" the levels of processing which was used?"
Hi all, I think I have not understand the meening of affect and the different between affect and emotion yet. Looking forward to your explanations :-) Sarah
"So with regard to the answer to this question I take it that when talking about ""mermories"", you are allways refering to long-term explicit memories. The reason behind this statement is that in the lesson we were told that H.M. could form new implicit skills (H.M. and teh tracing task) which I thought was a kind of memory. Am I getting this right or have I missed something?"
I did not manage to open or download these notes well. Could you please help?
Got a couple of questions:- 1- Why is Spontaneous Recovery possible even though the previously learnt response or conditioned response has been extinguished? possible 2- And is it possible that spontaneous recovery can occur multiple times, after it has occurred once the first time after extinction? Meaning that, can we have a repeated cycle of extinction and spontaneous recovery? Because apparently nothing drives spontaneous recovery to take place. repeated cycle of extinction and spontaneous recovery cycle Thanks!
I think I got this right and I still get the wrong answer talk. I'm staying right here until I find out what is going on.
Greg, I was thinking about that study that you cited regarding birth order and rebellion, the one that addressed how many youngest children adopted revolutionary ideas.  Is it not possible that some of the basis for this phenomenon is not psychological but sociological?  In many cultures (including the west a number of years ago), there is a system of primogeniture, or something like it, where the oldest son inherits money, the family business, or other such things.  There is also a social expectation that the oldest child will care for the parents and the family in general.  As this is the case, I think it is possible that the youngest child would lack the expected conservative responsibility to uphold the status quo and would lack the financial incentive to do so as well.  In fact, a revolution may even serve to better their financial and social status.   I'm not saying that these birth order traits don't exist, I'm just pushing back on this particular study. Thanks.
these boxes always confuses me- which is higher lever and which is lower ?
these boxes always confuses me- which is higher lever and which is lower ?
Does anyone know something about sleep deprivation for healing depression? How could it work?
Also, does a baby not see colors till he/she is 3 years old? My niece is only 6 months old but she is absolutely fascinated with colors(er, that's what I thought till now)...she likes to gaze at (what seems to be) bright color combos with rapt attention.
ine the question: when sensory neurons are activated what occurs? actually ...there are the possibility to choose more than one possible answers.... is just have to be one...
"I read a really nice article  here, which tells how scientists have created false memories in mice by first identifying parts of the brain where they were sure those specific memories existed (due to neural growth associated with the memory) and then stimulating those areas to create those false memories. here false memories Summary of the article:
1-Scientists allow mice to become familiar in a particular environment of which the mice form a memory in their brains. Summary of the article:  2-They then put the mice in a new setting/environment and shock them while stimulating the areas of the brain associated with the memory of the previous environment. Thus, making the mice believe that they were shocked in the initial environment even though that was not the case while stimulating the areas of the brain associated with the memory of the previous environment 3- The mice are released in the first environment. The mice get frightened because they recall from memory that they had been electrocuted in that environment-A false memory! recall from memory Really interesting! 
Update
False memories are actually covered in the next lesson. Did not know when originally posting this link.
 Update
False memories are actually covered in the next lesson. Did not know when originally posting this link. "
"Just reporting a bug:
I answered correctly at first, but it said ""wrong"", and it was only considered correct when I wrote it with capital letters. "
Hello! I was just wondering if I was going to be able to obtain a certificate even if I don't finish the problem sets on time. (as dictated by schedule)  I'm not studying for credit btw.
"The first time I heard the word ""depression"", I found it rather fascinating. From then on, that term popped up everywhere - in the newspapers, on the TV, in articles on the net and even random conversations around me. Is there a term to refer to this mind version of cocktail party effect?"
Psychological dependence refers to the user's feelings so what does physical dependence mean? Is it that the body would start shaking uncontrollably or something?
I want to know Dr Erika's experience / studies on facial expressions and Indian classical dance - eg bharathanatyam, kathakali etc 
Have Neurologists / Rehab clinicians used FACS for assessing or treating patients with Facial Nerve Palsy / Bells palsy ? 
"Hi,
I'm running behind so I just went through Lesson 7. Thank you. But I think it would be better to find another example to replace the one about the women in black boots. I'm sure that experiment exists &amp; happened as described but there must be examples that don't assume a heterosexual norm.
Thanks, Fran  "
"In preparation for Lesson 15 on mental disorders, I would like to get your thoughts on whether thought and behavior that is deviant from the norm (abnormal) should be a criterion for diagnosing a mental disorder? What about ""positive"" abnormality, such as creativity and genius? 
~Dr. Feist "
"Any HP fans here?
Remember how Fred&amp;George transformed Ron's teddy bear into a giant spider when he was little and he started having this insane fear of spiders ever since..
Ok that was not really a question, I was so excited that I could identify a single pairing fear response that I had to share it.   had"
"Okay I just came cross this question in the problem set 8 - Memory: Selma's mother recited to her a list of things to buy at the grocery store, and now that Selma is there, she can only remember the items from the end of the list. This phenomenon is called ___. Answers: the primacy effect, the recency effect, Hebb's law, situaltional awareness, transduction. I wrote ""recency effect"" - and the feedback was ""wrong - try again"". But I was really sure it was right - so I check my notes. I had written it down just as I'd remembered, so I went back to the lesson and rewatched the video. And what I had written down was just what the video said.  So, why did I get a ""wrong"" feedback??"
Somehow I fail to see the value of the social readjustment rating scale.  It was first developed to see if there was a correlation between stress situations and sickness.  Holmes and Rahe found there was a positive correlation of 0.118.  Maybe I'm not understanding this but the correlation does not seem to be very high.  As Lauren said as she asked this question she got very different  answers.  It is really no wonder because stress is the perceived feeling that the situation will not be mastered.  Some of these reasons for stress are extremely subjective.  For example, the death of a close friend can be more stressful than that of a family member or not all divorces are stressful. perceived Am I missing something here?
The document isn't listed on the either the course wiki or instructor's notes yet.
"Hi everyone.
Maybe I'm getting ahead of myself with this critic, being that I've only reached Lesson 4, but it seems to me that most of the contents that I've learned in the entire lesson could be compressed in a 6-minute video, or three 3-minute videos by taking things relaxed. Over 80% (over way 80%) of the content seems to be childish actings and that sort of examples. I totally understand that taking the time to do that sort of things makes students understand some topics in a more relaxed way, maybe even better,  but the level of simplicity there makes me think that the lesson is intended for kids. This is supposed to be a University-level course, and there's a big difference between leading the course far from academic rigurosity and leading it way far from university standards, maybe even far from high-school standards.
I'm really sorry if this does sound bad or aggressive, it's not my intention, but I'm dropping the course because of this and I think that is important to be clear regarding something that might be so important for Udacity, considering that I took a lot of courses here already and had been very comfortable with every one of the teaching methodologies until now.
Also, it bothered me a little to have so much short videos instead of a few long ones, but that's another regard and not one that could be more relevant than as a comment.    Thanks for reading.
Vlad. "
Babies seem to communicate to us from the moment they pop out (crying, yelling, babbling, cooing etc) - could it not be that their Broca's area is already developed too? It's just the languages we speak that they don't understand, could it be that the Wernicke's area in an adult brain forgets the babyspeak language? Gosh I'm overthinking this.
In introduction to Psychology lesson 6 about drugs there is give 4 reasons that people take drugs: Recreational, Social, Spiritual,  Medical. These are all true but what about for increasing productivity? Like students taking drugs before an exam or fighter pilots to get throw long missions?
What's the difference between the two? They sound very similar to each other.
"Does having no word for something really mean that someone doesn't understand the concept of it? I have one real example - its the German word ""Schadenfreude"". There is no real translation for it in English - as far as I know - and the German word is actually used in English. ""Schadenfreude"" is a combination of two words - ""Schaden"": damage / harm and ""Freude"": happiness. So the concept/idea of ""Schadenfreude"" is that one thinks a situation in which another person is hurt in some way is actually funny. An example is someone slipping on a banana peel - the person watching it will laugh. Or thinking that someone you don't like getting a lower score than you is great. The concept - like the banana sketch - is known in English eventhough there is/was no word for it. And since there is a word for the concept in German some English speakers have adopted the word.  But according to the language theories this shouldn't be possible. Since there is no word for it in ""pure"" English, English native speakers shouldn't understand the concept of it. How is such a case explained?"
"Just thought to leave this for anybody that is trying to pass the quiz since it took me several minutes to realize. You have to enter the answers exactly as they appear in the image (see the other threads for more help) except for the dot after ""Peripheral"" which BTW wasn't even there in the instructions video. (Might it be the instructor cursor?) exactly as they appear in the image"
Psychology is the study of thought and behaviour, but what is the necessity  to learn about human evolution? What is the relation between these factors?
"""All of the above"" would make three exciting conclusions..."
"With some minor spelling mistakes: two different wrong spellings for  amygdala. ""Our ability to recognize certain emotional responses, such as fear, involves the amydgala. So Greg and Susan were able to recognize Laurens fear response due to the action of their amygdala. Finally, the amydala is also activated during sexual arousal."""
I put negative reinforcement as my answer and said it was not correct. Then after the sixth time marking negative reinforcement as my answer it was correct. Has that happened to anyone else before or is just my computer?
When is the actual deadline for this course because i cant find it anywhere.
Milk, eggs, cheese + tomatoes, flour, soda = Ice cream, vitamins, Bread
"The question about which two subcategories are not real fields of psychology seems open to interpretation. After all, wasn't ""canine psychology"" demonstrated in the dog's operant conditioning? As for ""automobile and traffic psychology"", couldn't one assume that this refers to the psychology of people's behavior in automobiles and traffic? Is this question deceptive and imprecise, or am I missing something? Thanks."
Where is the video for this lesson... couldn't find it...
I cant find the answer to this question!?
"I am reading the ""Brain Script  Addendum"" pdf file and it says that alcohol causes the medulla to not function properly and prevents the person from vomiting. However, I thought that drinking too much alcohol will cause us to vomit?"
This questions is wrong it should be situational attribution 
bisect fmv where fmv stands for fair market value.  Since we're going to the market and want to get good value, and I can at least remember the word bisect although it doesn't relate to fmv...
"Did the study have any way of measuring the number of unique words the children heard? One would imagine that as the number of total words increased, so would the number of unique words, but it would be nice to see the effects of variety and vocabulary accounted for in the correlation. 
I also wonder if there's any interesting differences between children who heard similar numbers of total words but different numbers or unique words, as might be the case with parents with a larger vocabulary. "
What system is located in the forebrain?please help.
No entiendo esta pregunta...
"would u give me the answer 
problem 14 and chapter 3 "
"Staff,
Please check the ps001 Unit 14-57 Cost Benefit Video... appears to be a technical problem with playback currently. "
Should the answer to this question be dispositional attribution?
Why isn't this an example of social loafing?  The student slacking off while in the group of 3 seems to be the basic definition of social loafing
"Hi Staff,
Reporting a technical problem.  For Lesson 15 It appears that only the quiz content and not additional support videos are released on Lesson 15. "
"Staff please note there are 3 errors in lesson 14!! Problems 8 &amp; 9 ( correct answer for 8 should be 'dispositional attribution' &amp; correct answer for 9 should be 'situational attribution' ) Also problem 15...Correct answer should be 'foot-in-the-door not 'door-in-the-face'!! Thanks"
"Cheese, Tomatoes, Flour for Pizza - and the things that delivery services always sell with that here are Ice cream and soda.
Not too hard to specifically remember that you DON'T need milk and eggs for Pizza, and that leaves only Vitamins and bread.  I'm not good at coming up with these things myself, but this actually reminded me of a German children's song that describes ingredients needed for a cake: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backe,_backe_Kuchen http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backe,_backe_Kuchen"
"If there were just 0.1 difference among the two means,  would the difference still be statistically significant? What threshold should we keep in mind to distinguish between ""statistically significant"" and ""not statistically significant""?"
Hello I have just started this course (Introduction to Psychology PS001) and was wondering how to access the Course Notes.  When i go to the wiki there are no notes there.  Am i doing something wrong? Lisa
I have the imprassion that the answers to these questions are exchanged. Do you agree or didn't I understand the theory?
As we all know, the best advertisement of a street food stall is people standing outside enjoying the food. People who are unsure (especially when there are too many adjacent ones selling similar food), slowly gravitate towards that stall, giving rise to a snowball effect.  Can we call it persuasion by Informational Social Influence?
Can you suggest any books on Developmental Psychology? 
The answer on question 2 I feel should not be social facilitation, but it should be social loafing. Also the topics social facilitation and social loafing were announced, but reading their definition on wikipedia: i can not find it explained in this lesson. Having said this: I really like this training and I already learned a lot. Udacity, thanks!!
Dice que la respuesta correcta es Experimental. Pero no estoy de acuerdo con ello porque no se habla de la manera como fue escogido el grupo. Algo que tiene en cuenta la experimentacion es su rigurosidad en la escogencia de la muestra.  Cordial saludo
"The question asks for the closest line to the standard line, which is obvious A. But the answer is C! I doubt that Lauren mean the closest line in length since the preceding questions are all about length. in length Please give us an explanation.
Thank you!  "
When I was listening about the Triangale of Love by Sternberg, I thought  passion and commitment with no intimacy (Fatuous Love), sounds a little bit like those types of arranged relationships, when both members of the couple need something very specific and clear out of the other  and they form some sort of alliance, or partnership. For example the classic older man- younger woman relationships...the older man needs sex with a young woman, the young woman needs the final security or experience of the older man. So it's basicaly like a contract: you (or anyone else) give me X, I'll give you (or anyone else) Y. Basically they are two strangers, who have a common interest and they associate. as soon as one member stop delivering his/her part of the deal, the association will end. Only when you reach intimacy, you can call it love, and when you have intimacy and passion, it eventually leads to commitment....but in this case commintment comes because you love that person,, you wanna be with that person, you care for that person, it' s not because you want something in particular out of that person, like in the above type. What you think?
It's not self serving bias?
Lauren references a link to Dr. Markie Blumer in the video but there is no link to her or her book.
"The difference between the two reminds me of the danger inherent in being judgemental vs. non-judgemental; implied by the terminology ""self-serving bias"" (emphasis on the latter most) which is most often in my experience used in a negative context. I am also reminded of the saying, ""Judge not, lest ye be judged"". I can also imagine that bullying involves a lot of dispositional attribution, since bullies project their own shortcomings onto others. "
as in: why did the graders want to know that? What is the point here? Did anyone ever try that experiment in reverse? I mean having a group that is by stereotype considered smarter - Asians, for instance and did they perform better when writing their race on the test? I'd suggest the following variant: If I am not mistaken there is a positive correlation between the education level of the parents and the academic performance of their children. So how about having half the group write their parents education level on the test and then see who performed better. It would probably be even better if instead of just comparing the groups, the performance of each member could be compared to their usual academic performance. You'd need something easily quantifiable here, like a vocabulary test or dictation. 
The worst would be religion. They lead to all sorts of violence and stupid things.
somewhat less dramatic: I'm not American. I'm German and we don't have that particular kind of race situation.  You could easily construct something similar with the culture clash between autochthon Germans and strongly religious Muslim immigrants but race as in black/white (or the currently pc words for black and white) is not really a problem here. Edit: interesting. I am apparently very strongly prejudiced against blacks even though I've so far only had close contact over any amount of time with one and that was strongly  positive.
"I live in a country where these kinds of cold calls are absolutely forbidden so no respectable charity would use them. Even if I had agreed to them calling me beforehand, I and most of my countrymen and -women would feel highly suspicious about such a call. What we do get is letters asking to give more if we have donated once and the occasional door call.
But soliciting on the phone is a surefire way to get in legal trouble and some bad press.  For a  - I hope - more universal example: the beggar that asks for a Euro and the one that asks for a twenty. I've met both. The 1 Euro type is more successful if he is not aggressive. "
but I remember during first aid training for the drivers licence our instructor really driving the point home that there is nothing wrong with several people calling 112 in an emergency and nobody would scold us for it or laugh at us. He did not cite that particular case but another that happened in Germany We were also told that the emergency services prefer any number of honest false alarms to one unreported real emergency.
I know lots of people who are somewhat addicted to caffeine. That is they have to have one first thing in the morning and will probably have 4 or 5 cups a day.  To me this is a bad addiction just like any other addiction. However what would be considered a good limit or amount of caffeine? It seems to vary somewhere between 300 - 400 mg of caffeine per day (around 4 cups of coffee). I would be interested in peoples opinions on this.
The answers for problem 8 and 9 are incorrect.
"The lesson says that ""Most of the symptoms of PDD are the same as in major depressive disorder but they are less intense in PDD.""  Does this make PDD less severe (one of the answer choices) than major depressive disorder, not just longer lasting (the answer choice marked correct)?"
"I finished the lesson 15, and I already did the problem set but it still says i have 59 mins left of lecture but 0 quizzes remaining?
&amp; my progress bar is yellow not even half way?  Anyone having the same problem too?"
This question 19 related to OCD is very tough. Impossible from no native english speakers like me. Please a cue or a tip is necessary to bring some light to us speaking portuguese or other  world language
"Hi! I was just searching around and I've been always fascinated by human subjects and understanding people. I came across this very dynamic course and since i'm on vacations (I currently study translation and interpretation) I can afford to have more free time (: I just finished the lesson number 1 and I wish tho to have some readings and not just lectures. Where is everybody from and why are you here?
Cheers!
Carla  "
Was that a test?
"I respectfully disagree with the fact that ""conscientious"" people make good programmers.
That implies that the profession is repetitive and mechanical. Far, far from it.
Disclosure: I'm a software engineer, here's my big five:
http://www.outofservice.com/bigfive/results/?oR=0.875&amp;cR=0.278&amp;eR=0.844&amp;aR=0.556&amp;nR=0.75&amp;y=1970&amp;g=m    http://www.outofservice.com/bigfive/results/?oR=0.875&amp;cR=0.278&amp;eR=0.844&amp;aR=0.556&amp;nR=0.75&amp;y=1970&amp;g=m"
"This picture has explained a lot of medical tests I had to undertake  as an adolescent. There's a (quite frightening) genetical disorder in my family that, as a common manifestation, causes adrenal insufficiency, for both males and females (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adrenoleukodystrophy#Clinical_presentation).
So those tests involved measuring ACTH levels over time. But I had never clearly understood the mechanism that you've explained here. Luckily I've never been one of those affected the most by this gene (and hopefully will never be). But there is a relationship between levels cortisol and mood/stress response, as you've explained. Thanks for that! "
Why isn't the answer Informational Social Influence because you're getting info from those around you about what you should do or how you should act?
cholecystokinin (CCK)? It clearly sais during one of the lessons that CCK is a hormone that suppress apetite.
"I believe as long as an experiment is reviewed and approved it should be conducted!
As Dr. Feist said, each research has some degree of deception and if participants were told what the study was really about and their hypothesis it would invalidate the results. I do believe it's crucial the participants sign a consent form explaining they can withdrawal at anytime and that they are debriefed in order to avoid any stress or mental affects. 
It is important research is done on these topics of psychology and to get valid and reliable data sometimes experiments have to done in this manner.  "
"Isn't ""he cheated on me, so I can cheat on him"" more of a justification; instead of a change in ideas or thoughts?  IMO a better example of changing one's ideas or thoughts to resolve the dissonance would be to affect or adopt a new morality model. The girlfriend might tell/convince herself that, ""Everyone cheats"" or ""Humans weren't meant to be monogamous anyway"". "
"Quizzes like these are totally useless: ""I now tell you 10 numbers, try to memorize them and enter them into the text field."" They do in no way foster what is taught in this course, and unneccesarily interrupt the videos. Now while there have already been a few of those quizzes, this one tops them all.  By presenting six increasing sequences of numbers, you'd have to (at least partially) watch the video six times: listen to sequence one, skip to quiz, enter sequence, back to video, search and listen for sequence two, and so on, and finally you are tested for all six sequences at once and get it wrong anyway (because the answer to number four is wrong), so you just write down the numbers while you watch the video in one go or skip the quiz entirely. So please, no more quizzes of this kind, they are frustrating and of no use!"
I made a similar observation in when I spent time in South Korea, that everyone took off their shoes but because I was there with a Japanese professor, she told me that it was surprising to see that the shoes were not very orderly. She said that not leaving shoes out neatly was considered rude in Japan but in Korea, they didn't seem that strict about it.
How can you change your teaching strategies to help students understand all this information?
No matter what language you speak or what their origin, once reached the abstract thinking will be able to transmit any idea to other person who also has abstract thinking. The universal history of mankind proves it.
The quiz indicates 4-6 weeks but I recall the video (Lauren, I think) saying 4-6 months.
"I personally think the answer is ""confirmation bias"" according to the course material but after inputting my answer and it was incorrect on the program I tried all the others and none of them was correct either. So what is the correct answer? If this was an exam for example how would you mark my answer? I appreciate all the efforts the instructors are putting into these courses but I think it would also be fair to evaluate our input as end users who might one day apply these information to teach others in the same manner. Now I know some members jump the gun a bit and cast an opinion in defense of Udacity's free course but I need to hear from the instructors view if that is okay. I know the computer or the system is not as flexible as the real person but how can we make some positive adjustments in these situations? Please take no offense I just need to be constructive because I enjoy this course so far and you guys are doing a fantastic job.  Cheers Team and God bless Vai from NZ"
Apart from Mathematical-Logical and Spatial Intelligence would the rest of the types mentioned fall under the category of Crystallized Intelligence ? Mathematical-Logical and Spatial Intelligence Crystallized Intelligence Because, surely intelligence types such as verbal,musical, intra/inter personal and naturalistic intelligence can be improved upon by practice and experience.
Is not haptic memory also considered as sensory memory?
"Shouldn't the validity of the alternate uses test be called into question because it seemingly does not comply with one important aspect of creativity that Greg mentioned in a previous video, and that is : Usefulness or solution towards something. validity validity Usefulness or solution towards something So, while the alternate uses test would elicit various sorts of responses from individuals they wouldn't necessarily be useful, a criteria that the alternate uses test does not examine.
So, one sub-domain of creativity is definitely not being tested which would imply that the alternate uses test isn't actually a very good means of measuring creativity. useful "
"I got panic attacks in 2011 and had episodes on and off for almost 14 months. It started slow (sleeping problems), so I didn't notice how anxious I was becoming. Then the panic attacks started. And just like Lauren pointed out, I thought I had some kind of serious ailment. I even went to my doctor about it, and he ordered an EKG and a stress test. Of course there was nothing wrong.  It got so bad I would feel faint, or shallow breathing. It was awful. It's like being a prisoner in your own body. Then while searching for some answers on youtube I found an English dude who suffered from the same thing for years. He explained how he got over it by realizing and even reminding himself aloud if necessary that anxious feelings are ""not symptoms, only sensations --and no one ever died from a sensation"".  I did likewise and in 24 hours 75% of my stress was gone. He also suggested a visualization technique where you imagine your amygdala having a speedometer, and imagining the orange needle dropping like when you let off the accelerator and your car starts to slow down. Both those techniques helped me immensely. That was almost two years ago and I haven't had a panic attack since.  "
"I apologise,  but I have 2 questions.
1) Why homosexuality was marked as a disorder in the past?
2) Why does it become ""something normal"" nowadays?
I don't want arguments like ""Everybody do it, so it's normal"".
Thank you.    "
I think in order to know the actual answer to that study we had to count and compare all the times people use cars or planes (I mean the total amount of travels made a single person by car and compare it to the times he/she uses an airplane, and afterwards extend that issue to the whole population)
What if a child diagnosed with this disorder is bored or understimulated or simply has no interest in what is being taught to him/ her? I fidget a lot in church...
Hello I just have a question regarding the quizes,  Sometimes, even if all my answers were correct, it appears a big sign that says try again, I click on view the answers and the answer was what I previously answered. Does it affect my performance for the class?
"What could be the problem with sample REPRESENTATIVENESS in THIS specific study? 
I would really appreciate your insight. "
"Guys, I have tried a lot of options, but my answer is still wrong. I classified the 6 stimulants in this order: Methamphetamine
Amphetamine
Cocain
Caffeine
Nicotine
Energy drink      Could you help me! This is the last question of this set, and without the correct answer I can't move on!"
In this lesson, it is claimed that homo neanderthalensis is our ancestor. Actually, homo neanderthalensis is related to the modern human but he is not our ancestor. 
What's the difference between forebrain and hindbrain?
Hi, I am not sure if I got this right.. The terminal buttons is at the bottom most part of a neuron, right? In this diagram, you are having  parts of 2 neurons, right? the left side has the terminal button of the first neuron, and the right side has the terminal button of the second neuron.. are receptor sites on the right side neuron present at the bottom of the second neuron or near the dendrites of the second neuron? the neurons are connected dendrite to terminal button, right? 
"Dear instructors, According to Wikipedia (based on Nature Magazine) the answer is ""500,000 years"".
Is this situation an instance of ""every author has its opinion"" or ""Knowledge has been revised and we'll update the course accordingly""?  ""genetic studies now suggest that the functional DNA of modern humans and Neanderthals diverged 500,000 years ago.""
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homo_sapiens  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homo_sapiens Analysis of one million base pairs of Neanderthal DNA
Nature 444, 330-336 (16 November 2006)
http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v444/n7117/pdf/nature05336.pdf
""Comparison with the human and chimpanzee genomes reveals that modern human and Neanderthal DNA sequences
diverged on average about 500,000 years ago.""   http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v444/n7117/pdf/nature05336.pdf  "
Hello, I want to ask what are the requirements for getting a certificate for introduction to psychology course without college credit? Thanks, Sincerely, Mubashir Omar
Does it apply to people in Autism spectrum 
where was this study done? 
"Why do people hiccup
Why do people sneeze "
"I'm stuck on this question . "" in Schizophrenia , _ symptoms  include hallucinations, delusions, and disordered thinking"" _ _ Thanks!"
Can someone please help me on Lesson 15- problem 11? Thanks
"One of my friends - couple - do not have children and feel isolated  - they presume that people look down on them. So they avoid meeting people . (our culture doesnt favour adoption much)
is this stereotype threat ?
how is different from inferiority complex?
how to treat this?    "
IATs reflect your subconscious? Or our nurture? We might try to change - for eg associate career with women ,set an example, encourage others but still the IAT tests seem to reveal what is already ingrained in us rather than the change we wish to make? 
"are TERMINAL BUTTONS present all over the NEURON ? (i.e) do DENDRITES have TERMINAL BUTTONS ?
because , while receiving the signals in RECEPTOR SITES, the RECEPTOR SITES looks being present at the end of AXON(i.e) opposite side of the DENDRITES .   if the 2nd NEURON is receiving signals through TERMINAL BUTTONS, which is end of 2nd NEURON , how can 2nd NEURON transmit signals to 3rd NEURON(which will have DENDRITES  facing the TERMINAL BUTTONS of 3rd NEURON)?  I am sorry , if i am wrong with my DOUBT ..."
I didnt understand - what did Dr Blumer mean by 4 and 5 genders in some countries? 
Practically should money come somewhere in the triangle ? Coming to marriage, in some communities there is a direct demand of money from the brides family and in another community money is demanded  from the grooms family. And the divorce rates are very high in both these communities. How do we explain this? 
and I only wish I was kidding.
I had to experiment before I got this question marked correct. The question asks to match the best career to which Big 5 personality trait. Which career is best for Neuroticism? Airline Pilot!!! The question should be what career is best for LOW-Neuroticism?
It looks like the project HM link is broken. Could you tell me what it is?
can anybody please help me out with the term natural selection?? i am not getting it !!! 
After looking through the forums I noticed some of the people who took this course last year mentioned different levels of certification depending on their performance. I realise it's likely that this course has changed somewhat since then, though was wondering whether there would still be different levels of certification (accomplishment, distinction, etc)? Either way, I am really enjoying the course and looking forward to the final lessons becoming available. I've learned so much through the lessons so far! 
"I know that it's called ""tabula rasa"", not tabla rasa :)"
Please I have tried so many answers.  Please help!
"Hello, does anyone know when the final exam would be?
This is my first online course(that I've lasted till the end) and I'm pretty nervous about it...the final exam study guide has pointers only from lesson 11 - or is it just my copy? o_O "
So I'm not quite sure how to understand Greg's explanation of the risk factors of schizophrenia. He says that first there is maternal infections (influenza, rubella) and then he talks about toxoplasmosis, where he states that pregnant women shoud avoid cat litter.   He then goes on about hepatitis, chronic stress and certain drugs. But are those risk factors still related to pregnancy?  Meaning do they influence the risk of developing schizophrenia only while the fetus is still inside the mother or will those risk factors influence the development of schizophrenia when for example a teenager experiences them?
"I think this question is exactly same as the example presented in lesson 7, section Tone for conditioning.
Here the designer of question place the rat as stimulus by mistake instead of load noise.  "
"More of a comment than a question---this scale, and the ratings, are subjective.  To actually ask us on a quiz to rate these things objectively, I find---awkward.  Had it been simply a ""Thanks for your input"" type of quiz, I could understand that, but not asking us to get these things in ""proper"" order, as per what stats that the research has returned.  Yes, I understand that probably large volumes of testing by psych researchers, to this scale, has resulted in statistical averages.  But these seem to me to still be pretty arbitrary stats.  This ""rating life events"" scale may be a nominally useful tool to generalize with, but I personally wouldn't give it too much weight were I a psych practitioner.  "
I'm trying  all the posible answer, but I can't move. It's wrong, wrong... Sorry :-(
Einstein's family life was actually quite dysfunctional and his physics were very deviant.  
http://dangerousminds.net/comments/louis_wain_the_man_who_drew_cats  http://dangerousminds.net/comments/louis_wain_the_man_who_drew_cats
Please advise if the PDF will be posted to the instructor notes ? or is it loaded in a different section of the presentation ?
"I found D for Disturbance too be too general. How does it differ from D for Deviant for example?  I googled to try and understand the meaning of ""disturbance"" and in the three results I looked at found that instead of Disturbance the term Dangerous was being used. That is certainly quite specific. Could you please clarify why you chose Disturbance and whether Dangerous wouldnt be a more meaningful term?  Thanks for this excellent course, btw."
I would say that Andy is in more pain because he has no choice but to feel it. The broken arm drives the physical pain and other than using morphine, he can't wish it away.  Lauren's emotional pain is subjective. Suppose her boyfriend is abusive, wouldn't the breakup then generate feelings of relief instead of sadness? Or she could view the breakup as leading to more freedom and dating other people. She feels pain because her frame of reference on the breakup is that it's a bad thing, by successfully changing her frame of reference she may other feel differently.  In other words, Lauren has a choice. Andy don't.   
"English is not my native language, so I tried to google the correct spelling.
Wikipedia (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synaesthesia_(disambiguation)) told me ""Synaesthesia (sometimes spelt ""Synesthesia"")"", so I tried ""Synaesthesia"" first, which was rejected as wrong answer while ""Synesthesia"" was the correct one.  Just wanted to let you know."
"Susan was very adamant about that there is no proven link of autism to MMR vaccine.  She maintains that Dr. Wakefield's study was fraudulent.  Now there seems to be a discussion evolving that Wakefield might have been right.  The basis of the discussion is that in the US and Italy have awarded defendants huge sums of money and saying that the autism was caused by the vaccine. Now I know that just because somebody wins a case in a court of law, it does not ""prove"" anything but there must be a high amount of at least circumstantial evidence linking the disorder to the vaccine. I would suppose that some would argue that the danger of becoming autistic is so small it would not outweigh the the consequences of getting measles, mumps or rubella. I would appreciate any comments! Mike      "
I can't find the answer!! Which video I have to view?
"If we're awake, but not very aware, shouldn't the answer be placed lower on the ""aware"" scale? So shouldn't the right answer be the lower right one?"
I can't find the answer! Can somebody help me? Which videos I have to view?
I have the correct answers yet its still coming up wrong. technical difficulties maybe? 
"My favorite example of a token economy is ""Chuck E Cheese"" .   They actual give kids""tokens"" instead of money to play games.  Not sure if this a great example, but it reminded me of the tokens they give at ""casinos"" to make people less concerned about losing real money."
Here's my personal story where I came up with a by-stander effect situation: An addict fell unconscious in the street, and nobody mind helping him.  I try to call the police, but got stopped by my older brother, who said that it's costly to have police in such a trivial case. A younger brother of mine tried to back him up, so that he can rest but also got discouraged from my uncle, whose home is right in front of the incident. Ridiculously, after a while, the addict can stand up and walk like nothing had happened to him! And my younger brother and I was complained about our Good Samaritan act? What would you do in that situation? Please share with us!
"I know, it is just a Hollywood flick, simple entertainment, no deep material here . However, I think you could provide some Interesting and enlightening replies to questions like: 
There is any chance someone could mimic Emily's (Rooney Mara) behavior (spoiler alert!! faking the mental illness which included a parasuicide -a cry for help, right?- attempt) and nobody would notice.?
Is the ECT being displayed on a realistic way.?
Are Doctors being paid that huge amounts of money ($50K) to test new treatments on patients.?
What about Dr. faking Emily's personality test to get her back to the hospital, cause who is going to believe that poor crazy girl.?
 There is any chance someone could mimic Emily's (Rooney Mara) behavior (spoiler alert!! faking the mental illness which included a parasuicide -a cry for help, right?- attempt) and nobody would notice.? Is the ECT being displayed on a realistic way.? Are Doctors being paid that huge amounts of money ($50K) to test new treatments on patients.? What about Dr. faking Emily's personality test to get her back to the hospital, cause who is going to believe that poor crazy girl.? I have to wonder what is your opinion on it.
 :) "
"Lauren, Susan and Greg, thank you very much, your work was magnificent and we (udacians) really appreciate it! I can't express all my feelings with words, but you've made the most significant step in my psychology-learning, because I'm a mathematician and don't know what should I read first, with what materials should I deal and so on.
We love you very much, as much, as words can't express, thank you again!  Hey, udacians, let's say ""Thanks"" in different languages to our course instructors!
1) Thanks (english)
2)  [Spasibo] (russian)
3)  [Shukran] (arabic)   "
"Okay, so I finished the final lesson and did all the quizzes... so what now? Usually I would see a link to get my certificate of completion, but not in this course. Note that I'm doing this course not for credit, i.e., for free, and just for my own interest, but I would still like to have some sort of ""congrats, you made it"" PDF as in the other Udacity courses. not for credit Usually there is some special ""Exam""-type final problem set in the courses, and the certificate can only be downloaded after a certain number of questions in this problem set have been solved. Could it be that the lack of such an ""exam""-problem set (in the not-for-credit variant) prevents us from getting our certificate? Or is such a problem set already scheduled? Update 1: I now did most of the new Practice Final, but still can not see a certificate download link. Update 1: most of the new Practice Final Update 2: Today I noticed that my Course Progress bar went below 100% again, but no new contents seem to be added (particularly no final exam...). Any information on this? Update 2:"
"Thank you very much for this course, I really enjoyed it a lot! ..still, I wonder what you will do with the large set of data you collected from our responses throughout the course. Being a scientist myself, I see some research opportunities here. Are you planning to take them? My sincere congratulations to the whole team! 
I take a bow "
If I'm not totally happy with a purchase, and I don't want to deal with returning the item (or it is nonrefundable), I usually give myself time to change my mind. If, after a while, my mind has not changed, and I am still not happy with the product, I now feel that I've used it enough to justify having purchased it, and then buy something better.
"Hello, this is not a question, I just wanted to say thank you for everyone who helped deliver this course! The material is amazing and helped me personally on several life occasions, with my little daughter, my wife, my work and my self! Thanks really!
BR
Fady  "
"In the second lesson you start off with how man has ""evolved"". As a devout Catholic I do not believe in the evolutionary theories of Darwin and others.  I believe that man may be biologically related to the animal world but that is where the similarity ends. Man has a free will, something the rest of  creation does not have and that sets man apart.  Example migratory birds can't choose to travel south for the winter, but humans CAN choose to either go south or stay where they are."
great class I have taken Biological Psych classes at San Jose State before but this broader approach covered pretty much everything and every lesson and topic is worthy of its own class. It really has opened my eyes to psychology. And this is from someone who works and studies in Network Engineering!
Big time aversion therapy! 
Where is the link that she is talking about for the history of lobotomy?
why i mostly focus on the mark that is on the throat of Dr. Susan?
"Hello! This is only true for difficult tasks, isn't it? Please see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yerkes%E2%80%93Dodson_law http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yerkes%E2%80%93Dodson_law Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! I think that Maslow's hierarchy is of great use as a heuristic, but a strong oversimplification of human behavior... If it was true, why did, for example, cinemas run in Germany immediately after World War II? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Do these ""therapies"" scare anybody else? From pumping people full of drugs which may or may not cause them to commit suicide to pumping them full of drugs and then shocking them...it all sounds really mad-scientist-like to me..."
I MUST KNOW!!! Is it because of catatonia?
"Hello students,
These last two lessons cover mental health and treatment for mental disorders. We hope that your knowledge of mental health increases with these lessons and that any stigma you may have had regarding mental illness is diminished or now absent. There are many differences in how different cultures view mental health and mental disorders and our approach is that from the American viewpoint, but that does not mean that other approaches do not also have merit. As psychology continues to grow and evolve more cross-cultural approaches are being developed. Therefore, there is sure to be new and exciting perspectives on mental health in the future. What are your thoughts on the material we have discussed in these lessons? 
Best,
Dr. Snycerski   "
"The question will return a wrong answer response to ""by reducing hallucinations and delusions"" which is correct; I checked the answer to be sure of course and it is indeed correct. Just making sure this gets noticed."
I'm wondering this as so far I've been completing modules in short bursts due time commitments and sporadic attention requirements of my young children! I'd need to factor in a chunk of time for myself (and probably organise a sitter) so would really appreciate knowing in advance if this is the case. To clarify, I'm not taking this course for credit. Thanks in advance!
If a person is born with a disorder such as Prader Willi Syndrome I understand that something is missing from their DNA. Comment please
Why do newborn babies start out with blue eyes and then some of them turn other colors later?
My mom had brown eyes and my dad had blue. Me and all my brothers and my sister have blue eyes.
What section is this answer in? I can't seem to find the answer.
It's PREscription drugs not perscription...  and there was another one in Chapter 4, I forget...
"Dear UDACITY Faculty members, I have been singed up to this course, but unfortunately I could not complete it to the end due to different circumstances. I was really enjoying learning Psychology, and I need to now much further about this Science. Does this course will be available on the coming weeks?  I would like to get this course. Thank you,
Eman Aldeghaither "
"Susan said inductive reasoning is drawing general conclusion from specific information.
Such definition is too narrow on one end while too broad on the other end.    1) According to such definition, the following deductively valid inference, which draws general conclusion from the specific,  is falsely identified as ""induction"": 1) According to such definition, the following deductively valid inference, which draws general conclusion from the specific,  is falsely identified as ""induction"": Specific to general: Specific to general: Hong Kong is a small city
Therefore, everyone who lives near Hong Kong lives near a small city.  2) The following inferences, all of which  considered  induction, are no longer induction at all, because none of them draws general conclusion from specific information. 2) The following inferences, all of which  considered  induction, are no longer induction at all, because none of them draws general conclusion from specific information. Specific to specific: Specific to specific: Bill Clinton didn't keep his promise
George W Bush didn't keep his promise
Obama didn't keep his promise    Therefore, the next president will not keep his promise.  General to specific: General to specific: So far, all presidents ever observed have a human head; 
Therefore, the next president observed will have a human head.  General to general: General to general: To make things more interesting, Susan later gave an example of induction, which doesn't fit her definition at all: All cats you've known are friendly
Therefore, all cats are friendly.  BTW, overall speaking, I quite enjoy the class. Keep up the good work!   BTW, overall speaking, I quite enjoy the class. Keep up the good work!"
I thought retrograde amnesia was the loss of memories from BEFORE an event and not the ones DURING an event. Can anyone shed some light on this one?
I'm wondering, if you're completely without memories and the ability to make them, would you be able to learn and adapt? I'd say no, since there's no information present to use, everything is brand new. Of course, HM learned to draw stars via a mirror, but that simply shows he didn't lose all types of memories. What would you say about this question?
I've said in this thread why it's a misconception to think induction is going from the specific to the general: Inappropriate definition of induction ( inductive reasoning) Inappropriate definition of induction ( inductive reasoning)
Tried different options and everything is wrong. Does somebody know the answer?
"This is a question from our final exam study guide,
Do you guys know the answer ?
What is an ideal fixed setting of a particular psychological system ?
Identify an example.    "
I think the answer is authentic pride. However, none of them is marked correct. 
What does ABA stand for ? 
"I think the correct answer is not cognitive, for me it's Psychoterapy and drugs. Could anybody explain me this question?
Thanks,
Silvina  "
"I believe that the correct answer is ""drugs and psychotherapy"" because drugs is to alleviate the symptoms and psychotherapy to manage the arousal though.
Could anybody explain me the difference?
Thanks,  "
"...it depends of the situation. Does anybody else think like me? Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! Shouldn't the answer be ""we can't say from the data""? - It is still entirely possible that one causes the other, isn't it?  Gru
Julien Caussin "
I just did the practise exam 2, and final practice.....but those where only oractice, right? Must be wait for the final exam to be posted?
"I think the question was supposed to be ""medication"", not meditation."
So what would Chomsky say, why Jenny was not able to learn the language properly if it is and inborn skill like being able to walk?
This is a Pinky and Cerebros' chapter about Pavlov's Classical Conditioning, I hope you enjoy it!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caCV5_XB7-M http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caCV5_XB7-M
I have some questions about the final exam and the certificate. If I do not take this course for a credit, should I take a proctored exam or not? Will I get a certificate just for completing all lessons, problem sets and practices? I'm a little bit confused and don't know what to do, because it's my first online course. Hope that anyone will help me.
"Sorry, but there is a typo. ""90% of US adults get married at some point.""
Not ""sopoint"". "
"Hello! Please note that the MBTI is critisized, in the German wikipedia even as ""pseudoscience"", among psychologists; see for example here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator#Criticism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator#Criticism Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
Are we seriously supposed to remember all of these drugs for our final?
Why are questions 5, 6, and 7 the same exact question but the answers are different?
"Hello! This survey is likely to be biased anyway: Hardly any student with a rating below 2 would have continued until lesson 14! Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"Hello! Aggression is misspelled ""aggresson"" here.  Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
"...I would like to remind it: The Kitty Genovese case did not exactly happen as described; see for example ""Superfreakonomics"" for details.  In reality, this case was grossly media-hyped; people DID in fact intervene.  Gru
Julien Caussin "
An example is when I was involved in a car accident (my fault) because I wasn't paying full attention to traffic.  It was during a time when I was highly stressed at work.   Note I was performing at below optimal level for the task at hand during a time of stress (see mentioned continuum graph).
Aren't all aspects of physical dependence mediated by the brain in some way? Aren't pain and dysphoria as described by physical dependence in the previous question at least somewhat psychological in nature? I've never understood the difference between physical and psychological dependence, isn't the brain physical? Aren't thoughts about drug use a symptom of physical dependence? I'm sorry for so many questions, I've just always been confused by this distinction, I guess I'm really just asking, are these really two different things, and if so, why?
As far as I know a placebo can affect a person without having it described ingredients - that's the reason why doctors sometime use them, isn't it? So wouldn't do this an impact to the result, since the bodies of the ones without caffeine might behave same like the ones with caffeine, just because the brain is tricked and really changes its body functions?
"Hi, I am taking the class ""Introduction to Psychology"" for free. Will I get a certificate after completion? Thanks
Preethi "
"how should i improve my presentation levels, i am very weak and shy when it comes to presentation , please help&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
is it normal for a man to masturbate in prone position????
No entiendo las preguntas de la lesson 7.   Gracias.
What is the respuesta?
"Lauren mentions a link ""down below"", which I presumed to be in the instructor's notes. But there was no link. Does anyone have the link or can direct me to it?"
What is the answer? I can't find it 
Amy Cuddy: Your body language shapes who you are Amy Cuddy: Your body language shapes who you are
i do not know where i can find the lesson that goes over this
"Hello! The word ""Asperger"" was misspelled ""Aspberger"" here. Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
Why is SSRi the correct answer? Just because they have fewer side effects than tricyclic and MAO inhibitors?
"Hi Lauren/Susan, Can you provide some more idea on how to distinguish between positive and negative punishments? For example in the problem set, Rick stopped tormenting his dog after he got bitten. How is this positive punishment? What are we adding to the environment here? And in another example, Felix stopped swearing after his girl friend stopped talking for a week. How is this negative punishment? What are we removing from the environment here? Maybe some  more examples would help here. Thanks!
Preethi "
"Hello! To consider the needs for silence ofmy other family members, I watched the last videos with subtitles. They have usually quite bad grammar and poor interpunction, the only poor thing regarding quality in this course I have to remark this far; but still good enough to work with.  But now, the subtitles transscripted ""We also have hallucinations"" into ""we also have a loose nations""....! :-) - Seriously, the subtitles of this course have to be reworked... Best regards,
Julien Caussin "
This isn't a question but rather a solution. I was trying to figure out why the two propositions were true and stumbled across Love-Shyness on Wikipedia. Under Sexual orientation and gender, it says that shy women have children sooner because they just have to wait for a more assertive partner. This is somewhat unfortunate for shy men because social norms state that men should be more assertive. So parenthood can be delayed for shy men Love-Shyness Sexual orientation and gender
Where is the video for this answer? I got the answer right, but I want to understand why it is right.
I believe the question is incomplete as 65% of the people administered the experiment's final massive 450-volt shock, while 10% stopped at the 300-volt mark and 90% continued beyond this point.
"without giving the answer away completely, it marks it correct with or without the word ""super"". So should it be there or no?"
Moderators, I'm also one of those people who download the lectures and watch it later because of slow internet connection. Is there any way to get a certificate of completion? Though I know that its more important to finish the course with or without certificate, but the a certificate at the end keeps you motivated. Thanks
"Too interest set of titles: Linux administation handbook
JavaScripts
Making embedded systems
Calculus
Organic chemistry
Physics
Dynosaurs
Web applications Hackers handbook        All books about psychology?"
I'm a bit confused on the relationship between the tip of the tongue phenomenon and wakefulness/awareness. To me it seems this is more memory related (mostly the not being able to retrieve a word portion). Should I be looking at this another way?
"This is like Simon &amp; Chabris' experiment. This is from National Geographic's show Brain Games. I like this one better than the one provided, so I thought I'd share it here here"
This video is from NatGeo's TV show, Brain Games. It's a pretty good example of change blindness video
HM was not able to form all types of new memories.  However, he was able to form new implicit memories according to the video.  It seems a better answer would be to form new implicit memories.
"Question 20 from the Problem Set of Lesson 2 says - ""If the experimental and control groups are the same at the beginning of the study...... and now the groups are different, we can conclude that:""  If the experimental and control groups are the same at the beginning of the study...... and now the groups are different, we can conclude that This gives one the impression that the same group of participants was considered the experimental/control group at different points of time in the experiment, but each participant reacted completely differently to the independent variable, thus fundamentally changing the groups. (A difficult experiment to imagine, I know - I spent fifteen minutes thinking about it.) Wouldn't it be better to say that - ""If the experimental and control groups have the same characteristics at the beginning of the study....... and now the groups react differently, we can conclude that:"" If the experimental and control groups have the same characteristics at the beginning of the study....... and now the groups react differently, we can conclude that"
"HI FROM SPAIN.  I JOINED THIS COURSE IN JUNE AND I MADE THE FIRST CLASS AND EXAMS IN THE FIRST WEEKS BUT THEN I HAD TO GO OUT OF THE CITY WITHOUT WIFI AND NET. I AM COMPLETING ALL THE CLASS AND ALL THE EXAMS, BUT I HAVE A DOUBT: CAN I HAVE MY CERTIFICATE ALTHOUGH I DIDNT MY TASKS IN THE WEEK OF RELEASING?? AND OTHER QUESTION: I DONT KNOW IF I AM PART OF THE ""CREDIT GROUP"" BECAUSE WHEN I JOIN, I WAS SHOWING INFORMATION ABOUT IT IN SOME OF UDACITY PAGES , BUT I DIDNT PAY FOR IT.....IT MEANS THAT I ARENT IN THE CREDIT GROUP??? PLEASE, LIKE YOU CAN SEE, I AM VERY LOST YET, ITS MY FIRST COURSE IN UDACITY AND I NEED HELP. I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE MY CERTIFICATE BUT I DONT KNOW IF I GOING TO HAVE IT OR NOT."
I find it incredibly interesting how/why people gravitate to certain careers?  But why?
Are there other reasons people sleepwalk or is it strictly linked to night terrors?
"I'm wondering how psychologists have shown that consolidation and storage are distinct from one another? they seem like closely related tasks, I'm not sure I understand the difference between ""stabilizing or solidifying a memory"" and retention."
I read some books about cognitive neuroscience and found that it has similar topics with cognitive psychology. And sometimes I cannot find the boundaries between them. What is their difference? Is that the perspective when they explain something, such as memorizing?
is there any way of getting or posting specific notes for further reading for students 
"Thank you everybody , especially instructors Lauren , Greg and Susan. I really Enjoyed this course. I am Information Technology Engineering Student and i am interested in studying how brain works , why we make choices we make! , So i decided Psychology may help understand better , before this course i wasn't knowing much about Psychology , all i knew was Psychological Disorders ; but this course really widen my Knowledge. The Information i got from this course is extremely valuable i think.  I joined this course after i read about ""predictably irrational behavior"" from Dan it was awesome and made me fascinated towards Psychology. I thought to have a Intro on Subject and this course comes in Handy. Also as it was in Summer , i wasn't having any trouble from College and could easily managed Time. As my drop out rate is much in  MOOCs ,But the main reason I am able to complete this course was the way it was made funny and easy to grasp , especially by Lauren.
Thank you everybody ......Everyone who joined the forums really helped too. "
I have finished the course but I have no way to download my certificate, did I missed something?
When people wake up, is the brain exhibiting alpha waves or beta waves? Or does it depend on the person?
Shouldn't this video come after the lesson 16 problem set? Or even after the exam? 
"I put ""a quarter""  and ""one quarter"" times as loud for the 40 decibels as opposed to 60 decibels in loudness and it said ""try again"".   Only when I used ""1/4"" did it accept my answer as correct."
"I would've answered that Moby's head injury might have been studied by a neuropsychologist, but I didn't have that option and I had to answer a ""biological psychologist"".  Could you consider neuropsychology as a subfield of biological psychology or there's much more difference?  OTOH, if you had a patient who is experiencing aphasia,  which specialist would be better to treat them, a biological psychologist or a neuropsychologist?"
link in intructor notes http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-courage-be-present/201001/how-practice-mindfulness-meditation do not work  http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-courage-be-present/201001/how-practice-mindfulness-meditation
"Of course reproduction is mandatory for the survival of a species.
But is sex really considered a ""basic need to survive"", as showed in the video?
I mean, everyone knows someone who haven't had sex for years.  "
"Evidence shows that light alcohol consumption during pregnancy is not harmful according to this article in the Wall Street Journal (Aug 9 2013):
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323514404578652091268307904.html  http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323514404578652091268307904.html I like this phrase from the article: ""Drink like a European adult, not like a fraternity brother."""
Is this why man hooked up with dogs?
Were the changes in Lauren's voice done on purpose or are they due to some technical problems? Or maybe I'm just imagining things?
The answer is requested only at the end.  So rather than having multiple tests that get progressively more difficult as I think was intended, you are instead asking us to remember a string of 36 numbers!  Unless you have a bunch of savantes taking this course, no one will be able to complete more than a handful of answers! 
I cant find the correct aswer. All alternatives possible are wrong! What can I do? 
"El orden correcto es: 
Arrullo, balbuceos, expresiones, enunciados verbales y por ultimo frases a los 2 y medio y tres aos.  "
No entiendo...
what learning requirements in udacity???
it doesn't look like the instructor can get the two strings to meet even with the pendulum trick. Perhaps she would have to stand on a chair?
what are the choices of answers for this problem?
Is profiling criminals part of forensic Psychology? I would think it is part of several sub-disciplines, cognitive, development and not just  forensic. 
Anyone could solve it?
Where I can find the aswer?
its tabula rasa, not tabla rasa
"Just a heads up: the link under ""Drug Treatment"" in Drug_Reading_Material doesn't work (or at least, didn't when I tried)."
Hello!  My question is concerning the reaction time difference between those who regularly drink caffeine and those who never have. I took the the reaction time test and my first reaction time is 0.237 seconds. That is faster than anyone in either group and I do not drink caffeine. So here's my question: Are those who never drink caffeine have a faster reaction time than those who regularly drink caffeine? Is the reason the control group slower was that they were previously drinking caffeine, and then weren't? Also, what effect does caffeine have on the body?  I am curious about this, so I would be delighted if anyone answered. Thanks!
How do we get the certificate? 
It would be interesting to know more about the functions of the different neurotransmtters listed in the instructor's notes, such as serotonin, dopamine and glutamate.
For anyone who's taken the Psychology AP and is close to finishing/has finished Introduction to Psychology, how well does this course prepare you? Introduction to Psychology
If the average heart rate of a human is 40-100 bpm and can rise to 200-240 bpm in the presence of methamphetamine, what would happen if a hummingbird was given methamphetamine, whose heart rate can reach 1260 bpm?
For anyone who wants to see if they too are a hearing Senselete, I found this cool hearing test on YouTube: http://youtu.be/VxcbppCX6Rk http://youtu.be/VxcbppCX6Rk
Just cover the lower half of the face and look only at the eyes, it will be clear which is a genuine smile.
Just finished the last session. It was a great pleasure to see you all on screen and I want to say thanks for a great job. I wanted a pretty basic overview of the main stuff in psychology and I got just that. I thought the level was fine for pre-sessional (I don't know what you call that in the US, but here it's the year before going to college).  Can I add some thoughts: this was a very nicely produced course with good variety of input styles and some interesting guests too. I liked the interactive slides where we had to answer a question, or think about something.  Just a few things needed to be 'tweaked' - the accuracy of the language (grammar and spelling mostly) needs work. Spelling mistakes, and so on, can be forgiven once or twice, but there were bloopers in almost every session. Secondly, the tests were not always well-designed, either in the instructions (sometimes completely absent on some questions!) or in the design of the question itself.  I guess this was all due to the fact that a) it was the first time you'd done this course b) you didn't really have enough time to be careful. We all lead busy lives. BUT it's important that the course gets a good edit and some more professional test questions.  BUT (again) thank you all so much! I learnt a lot and would love to come and visit you all in California one day. 
is sustained attention the same as vigilance?
Is there any provision for the issuance of Certificate of Completion?
Why is the color Indigo missing in the wavelength? It should lie between Violet and Blue colors.
"Hi, I'm not an expert, just a practitioner. I studied topics around eastern teachings on my own. I'm sharing my opinion, which is based on my observations, to discuss and talk about this method (or a way of living ;o) ). As far as I know meditation is pure observation. Many people think that meditation is controlling their thoughts. Struggling with them, getting them away and so on. Forcing deep breaths will bring peace and quiet into our minds (I would rather say it awakes peace and quiet in mind; we cannot bring anything inside, because we are full of everything yet :) ). It can be named as relaxation. Relevant phase before true meditation. Now, when we are calm, meditating will be simplier. As it said, one should sit comfortably. Can be in lotus position, but for the beginning of this way it is good to sit like on chair (try to not lean). Keep our back straight. Close your eyes. And focus on your breath. Do not try to change the rhythm! Let breathing to be effortless. Inhale. Exhale. There is no need to control anything. It sounds simple, isn't it? One can have interrupting thoughts. They can form sounds, images and movies. The key is not to get rid of them, but to let them exist under your observation. Observe them. Be aware of them. Whenever an image comes to your mind, focus on breath. Concentrating on breath will 'melt' this thoughts.  We, people, are being taught of controlling everything. Other people, our behavior, animals and so. We attempt to do so with thoughts. Struggling with them is an option, but then we are focusing on them, which isn't proper. Giving them attention just increases the volume of them. Observing, letting them come and go, will produce wonderful effects. Effortlessly.  I think I would call this being mindful. What is your opinion? :o)"
I just found out that this course ended Aug. 9. I just started a few days ago and would really like to take this course for credit. IS that still possible? If I can take psychology in the fall for credit, when will the fall classes start?
"When i look at the  rainbow/ colour wheel as well as on the three cones i simply wonder:
The rainbow tells me that its right: Red has the lowest frequency, then all other colours then blue and violet.
now i thought: a red-cone might only register light of exactly 750nm; due to some blurring it also registers frequencies around it.(i suppose a bell curve would work to show the sensation dependable on the frequency; and now i found a nice wikipedia picture about it!)

Therefore i think i understood why i can see yellow.(just as a mix of red-cones and green-cones who both got activated more or less)      But what happens when i see violet?
why does our eye see violet as a mix of both blue and red?(its obviously true, look at a colour wheel(if it wasnt that late i would've written more about it))  i dont see why the red-cones can notice anything about light of the  wave-length of 400nm....
Is it because the red -cones-graph has another peak around 400nm?  i wonder if there is an answer to this question, i didnt find any via google [ah well, and sorry about my english, i know its horrible, i gave my best]"
I recall hearing about a murder once in a residential society within my city. The case is a bit curious in the sense that, the lady who got murdered tried calling her neighbour (she lived in a flat) and maybe one or more person that could have probably helped her when she was under the threat of being attacked or was injured. However, even though she didn't yell for help infront of a lot of people, no-one came to her rescue. From what we have studied about the bystander effect, calling for help from one or two sources should have increased her chances of getting help, which of-course didn't happen. Now, I know that the lack of help can be attributed to the callous nature of the individual she might have called, but still the event does tell us that it might not be completely useless to yell or ask for help from multiple sources in-case of an emergency. So, just for the sake of sharing and discussion, this particular event goes against what we have learned about the bystander effect and the increased chances of getting help if a lesser number of people hear our cry for help.
"Could the instructors comment on consciousness and the neurological response during a religious, spiritual or mystical experience. I am interested in the physiological response of the human brain during prayer, meditation, and chanting across all religions (east and west). How does prayer, meditation and breath control regulate brain activity?  How does the brain's response explain the perceived spiritual experience? How would you classify the consciousness achieved by Zen monks that is described by terms such as ""Enlightenment"", kensho or samadhi?"
i have completed the course but still no certificate ??? please help
"""lower arousal"" doesn't work,""lower excitability"" doesn't work (Try again!
One or more answers weren't correct), ""reduces arousal level"" neither...
what do depressants do ? I'll have to view the answer. ""?put you down?""  "
"Isn't rhe answer of lesson 9, problem 14 - rudimentary language of earlier speices of homo ""proto language""? I checked it and it says that one or more answers are not correct???"
"I have some reservations about the so-called ""positive effects"" of treating terminally ill patients with psilocybin. Yes, they are dying. Yes, they are in physical and emotional pain. But are we just drugging them with another form of ""pain killer""? How is it different from medicating with sleeping pills and alcohol? In our therapeutic society, there is a need to cure bad breath, erectile dysfunction, and now a bad death.  If your life is unexamined and has not been ""transformitive"" or if your death is unaccepted; you failed in your journey but psilocybin can cure you.  You can receive a medically prescribed hallucination making you think your life was just wonderful so you can die happy. I also have issues with the quest for the ""mystical experience"". Zen monks train for years to attain samadhi. But what is really accomplished in the end? Is the state of transcendence just a mental illusion/delusion? Is it another chemical addiction self mediated thru meditation, breath and thought control? Which conscious experiences are ""real"", ""valid"", and to be sought after? Some people have chosen recreational drugs, gambling, and video games.  Others have chosen spirituality, exercise, and antidepressants. I guess it all depends on your moral values."
I have enrolled in the course today (i.e. 18 Aug 2013). I have not been asked to pay any fee. Shall I get a certificate when I complete the course?
"I checked the video again and I am almost sure its ""casual inference"" but the system does not accept it. But it does the same for all the other answers too. Please if you could solve this problem, it would be great  so I can move forward."
"The voice says less than .5 (line &lt; .5) but it is written on the screen that the graphic line is more than .5  ( line &gt;.5)
There is a chance I dont understand the graphic exactly, but I dont think so as I can see the grpahic line stops long before 5.  "
"I would like to make a note here that I would consider the ""Different Groups"" Variable to be a wild card variable. Something that can give you new information during your experiment that can result in very interesting results."
"I believe it would be easier to identify the answer to this question if one of the answers is actually labeled ""Smiles"" instead of ""Happiness"". Just my opinion."
I am bit confused about this question. A glass half empty - refers to an optimist and glass half-full is a pessimist if I recalled right from Greg's lesson. My answer according to that lesson is not accepted instead it accepted the opposite.
Why some people has no self respect and no zeal to do new thing?
Based on this, can I conclude that similarity to family members is primarily because of genes?
In question 11 how can clinical psychologist help the brother most?
I put in frontal lobe and cerebrum for problem 17 lesson 3 and it displays try again
the name summons the attributes that it connotes (i borrowed this rule from jewish talmudic/kabbilistic teachings)
How come legal consultation and marketing consultation be fields for a typical psychologist to work in?
Hi everyone! Ive just enrolled the course and I'm new to all the MOOC philosophy. I know, I can't take credit for the course now, it's too late but will I be able to get a certificate after I finish all the modules and problems sets and examinations? Could anyone be so kind to answer me? I'm lost here! Thanks!
"Not a question but... you guys should really continue making courses (Susan, Lauren, Greg).
I'm loving this one so far, it goes so well with my learning needs. How it is presented and everything.
All other courses I've seen are quite lame to say the best, so I will miss you guys after i'm done with this one :(  "
what is meant by point four correlation?
pls help a little with the answer?icant find 
http://www.facebook.com/groups/IntroductiontoPsychology/ welcome http://www.facebook.com/groups/IntroductiontoPsychology/
I didn't realize this was a stereotype, I thought it was the opposite.  From my experience, women tend to like hockey more than men.  The hockey teams at my high school and college had more girls gunning for them than any other sports teams.  Women love hockey players.
"Sounds to me ""the someone"" got invited to introspection by Psilocybin :)"
"Another comment: Hey doc, my perception changed since I'm taking the hallucinogen a day. Doc: ""you must have hallucinations"" can you please loosen up the drug part a bit? It's a lot of information. And -in general- can you please avoid the audio cuts while talking (I know it has to be synchronized to the animations but I really prefer the fluent talk if possible) As an example: I didn't like the cuts in Lesson 06 Consciousness: sleep stages
sincerely Marcus     "
please help
"Why doesn't one of the test-aspirants raise his hand, when the whistle blowed? (He heard a sound ...;-)) 
The instructor would tell him: No not now Andy, but in a few seconds we start!  This would be a nice little joke!
Manfred, Germany "
Please someone to help me. thanks
Still no certificate of accomplishment. 
"Hi, 
I cant get get it. Its sort of frustrating.  Can anybody deliver a hint please? Chris"
"i think you guys meant ""chew glass"". not ""chew class"" ~Sylvi
good luck! "
Hello. Its been quite a while since the course has been finished. Many people have completed the required submissions required for the certificate. Any news on the issuance of certificate. Please indicate when you intend to issue the certificate because I am very anxious and previous answers from the staff sound like as if certificates are just about to be issued. Hoping for a good response. Thanks, Mubashir Omar
"Hi, I am sorry this is not a question about the course content. 
I am a freshman at SJSU, and I want to make sure that I can transfer the class to SJSU for credit GE area D1....  Is this still possible for FALL 2013?
How do I make sure I get course credit at sjsu, because it did not ask me to pay the $150  "
I understand that positive people have less stress, but i always thought that instead of being positive gives you less stress, less stress makes you more positive. Is there any research that will help me understand?
"After answering the question, this message appears: Correct!
You're working memory is pretty good!
 Correct!
You're working memory is pretty good!
"
"Does the use of ""would"" here indicate conjecture? Is science able to measure the level of serotonin in the synapses? Has a causal relationship between low serotonin and depression been proven? Are SSRIs beneficial to patients with depression? In the long-term, how does the brain compensate for their use?
(Digging the class! Thank you!) "
what is cognitive?
I know everybody wakes up sometime in there life from falling of a building or somthing like that, but yesterday i woke up from laughing dream, my question is if any strong emotion can wake you?
I believe this is called behavioural confirmation -how others expect of you to act leads to you acting in such a way that it confirms the expectation. This is a type of self-fulfilling prophecy.
"Question 11-28 asks ""Which hormone transports glucose out of the blood stream and decreases hunger?""  The answer given is ""insulin"". Insulin does not necessarily decrease hunger! Your blood glucose is low. You become hungry. You eat. Your blood glucose rises. Insulin is released. Glucose is transported out of the blood stream, decreasing hunger. (As implied by the answer, provided homeostasis is achieved.) But that is not the only story.  Insulin is released. Glucose is transported out of the blood stream. Your blood glucose goes low. You become hungry. (Insulin just made you hungry again by driving down your blood glucose past homeostasis! You may eat again repeating the entire cycle.) My Dad had Type II Diabetes and required insulin injections.  It was very difficult to regulate his blood glucose and weight because of this effect.  There were instances when I wanted to give him more insulin to get better control of his blood glucose, but had to resist the urge because you will just trap yourself in this cycle.  More insulin would make him hungry and increase his blood glucose if he ate again. I would not say that insulin decreases hunger."
I tried to view the first video of my first Udacity course today, and it didn't work, which is a rather bad user experience for someone who is new, right? The video of the course doesn't load, although WiFi connection is good. I think there is probably no restriction for YouTube in Europe, or is it? I am using at the monent Windows 8 as OS and Firefox 23.0.1 as a Browser. Since it doesn't work, I am trying to download the lectures plus the corresponding VLC player to view them.  I think there is still room for improvement... download the lectures plus
I had a feeling that negative reinforcement is reinforcement of negative a behavior. This reinforcement happens because of over criticism or negative reconditioning. Your lesson shows that I am way off.  What then is the reinforcement of negative behavior?
addiction, physical addiction, withdrawal......withdrawal effects may point in the opposite direction of the drug effects....what is the answer here ?
social interaction need not be positively reinforcing taking the drug
forget the term addiction, doesn't exist :)
"just refer to the title
punishment can be positive? i am so confused  ~Sylvi
good luck :) "
"Would it make sense to say objective is everything we can measure at an object, while subjective is everything that must be reported by a subject? It we take a look at sports events, then one could also say objective is everything that needs a ""gauge"" (for example a length or time that can be measured), while subjective is everything that needs a ""jury"" (for example the rating of dancing or ice skating). In psychology the ""jury"" would correspond to the emotions which rate, evaluate and judge events, and lead in turn to feelings that can be reported by the subject. What is the best definition in your opinion? Subjective is everything which is personal, while objective is everything which isn't?"
the reaction to the sound of a bell may be considered an inadequate response, maybe a phobia.....there are many answers to this...maybe we don't want him to waste his energy on fear but rather work at udacity.
Hello Great Team! ) I am 27. I want to be a social psychologist. That is why I am taking this course. I am planing to apply master program and that is why beside knowledge I also need certificate. Hope  future there will be a different world where there will be no need for certificate, diploma )) 
During the Second World War, heart disease decreased in Norway, despite the stress of the war and the Nazi occupation.  After the war, heart disease rates returned to pre-war levels. Diet, by way of food rationing and the Nazi theft of meat and dairy products, had a more profound effect on heart disease than did stress. I wonder where food rationing, Nazi occupation, and war, rank on the Social Readjustment Rating Scale? If you are worried about heart disease and had to choose between a vegan diet or meditation, choose the vegan diet.
"This was one of the key problems in GREECE with brown bears, now a law this phenomenon has been eliminated, and hope to soon in other Balkan countries. The dancers Bears of Arkoudiaridon. This phenomenon is known since many years in Greece and other Balkan countries. The animal is captured small to be able to train properly after foneftei his mother, he would not allow anyone to approach her cubs. So every arrest and captivity bear means that nature loses at least two people. The training of the animal is long and painful process. The nose holes to pass the copper serves as an instrument guidance. Many of the captive bears have deep wounds in the nose and lips, as the Bangles tear their skin from pulling and animals must xanatrypithoun elsewhere.

The canines are destroyed by random metal tools. breaking it, the principle is to destroy the health of the teeth of the animal, since the decay caused can be transmitted to the jaw, so the condition is incurable.

**When learning of the ""dance"" the animal is forced to presses Glowing plates under the sound of the tambourine. In an effort to avoid burning the teddy gets up on its hind legs and pacing on the spot. The learning continues for some time until you actually create a type of conditioned reflex. (Type dogs Pavlof)**

The diet of bears is miserable and the familiar ""Hungry Bear is dancing"" is a myth. The reward for the performance of ""ballerina bear"" just fooling her hunger after meals are leftovers and trash as living conditions are atrocious.
 The nose holes to pass the copper serves as an instrument guidance. Many of the captive bears have deep wounds in the nose and lips, as the Bangles tear their skin from pulling and animals must xanatrypithoun elsewhere.

The canines are destroyed by random metal tools. breaking it, the principle is to destroy the health of the teeth of the animal, since the decay caused can be transmitted to the jaw, so the condition is incurable.

**When learning of the ""dance"" the animal is forced to presses Glowing plates under the sound of the tambourine. In an effort to avoid burning the teddy gets up on its hind legs and pacing on the spot. The learning continues for some time until you actually create a type of conditioned reflex. (Type dogs Pavlof)**

The diet of bears is miserable and the familiar ""Hungry Bear is dancing"" is a myth. The reward for the performance of ""ballerina bear"" just fooling her hunger after meals are leftovers and trash as living conditions are atrocious.
"
Does the course address positive and evolutionary psychology?
Little Albert was an orphan, he died a young age but not because of the fear! http://psychology.about.com/od/classicalconditioning/a/sad-tale-of-little-albert.htm http://psychology.about.com/od/classicalconditioning/a/sad-tale-of-little-albert.htm
Wouldn't it be better to use the scale from 1-10 test? because we're focusing on the fact that if caffeine effects reaction or not and not on how much that effect is, and if we have a large number of participants it would take a lot of effort to take each individual case into consideration but it we have rates on a 1-10 scale we can simple add each result into the appropriate scale rate and in the end get an average that we can base our results on.
"I can't find the answer to this question at all! To be honest, I tried all of the combinations twice and I got ""try again!"" as a result. I don't know what to do. Does anyone know the answer to this question? If so, please help me! Thank you so much!"
"I was stuck on this question for two days already! I know the second answer is ""word salad,"" but for the first answer, none of the answers match! If anyone knows the answer to this question, please help me! I  Thank you so much!"
mary edna can trick freddy so i visit ben
"i did better on this one than the first one and i didnt go back to look at it or anything
is there a reason for this?  ~Sylvi
good luck :) "
"the captions when referring to Benzodiazapines says ""benzo day as a penis""..."
The answers that are shown as correct do not match the descriptions taught in class.  It lists 'A' as the correct answer for schizotypal, and 'B' as the correct answer for borderline.  I really think that the answers to those two questions should in fact be reversed.
For record - she had double second name. Born in capitol of Poland- Warsaw. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marie_Curie http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marie_Curie
if you remove the pleasurable consequence it is indirect punishment. The behavior is not reinforced by the environment anymore, so the likelihood of occurring decreases. This makes the second point you mention confusing. You should add that you talk about an aversive Consequence you remove, thus you increase the likelihood of behavior (it doesn't hurt anymore, maybe do it again...)
If the nerves of the PNS are in anyway injured or destroyed during an accident, does it affect our bodily functions?
"is it sperman or spearman? lauren's slide said one and the video title said the other
thanks!  ~Sylvi
good luck :) "
"i saw that this was mentioned in another post but i wanted to say it again so maybe it will get fixed
the grader for number 4 has a bug
the correct answer is not accepted as correct   by the way, could everyone say how many they actually remembered without looking back? I only got the first 3 :-P ~Sylvi
good luck :) "
"it is kind of annoying when the question asks what YOU think then tell you it was wrong. it should just way thanks for your input check the answer video because it is what YOU think on a controversial topic (like can creativity be measured, some people think so and some people don't).just something to consider! ~Sylvi
good luck :) "
"There are some questions regarding personality that were not really addressed. 1) Over the Big Five spectrum of personality traits, is there a ""best"" or ""ideal"" personality?
   I am not sure what criteria would be used to judge this (monetary success, social acceptance).
   Is it better to be average or at the extremes?   2) Can you change your personality through learning and training? Do you want to? 3) There was some discussion regarding the suitability of one's personality with one's career.
   But what about one's capability or aptitude for that career? Isn't that more important?
   Does one's suitability for a career provide the mechanism to develop one's capability and subsequent success in that career?   4) Exactly why should self-actualization be valued?
   I guess the person is happy with his needs being fulfilled, so we should be happy for him. Other than that?
   How does society benefit?   Ideally, what kind of personality should a military commander have?  You want someone who is creative yet realistic, organized yet reactive, risk taking yet risk averse, caring yet aloof, calm under fire yet concerned.  That could be anybody."
I do not the answer, somebody help me
Moderate correlations cannot lead to cause and effect relationship, and what about perfect correlations? 
Could anyone explain to me? Thanks!
hay guys I have difficult if you know that about what applied science that involves understanding reat world rather than laboratory behavior In what area do you think Io psychlogy is applied? help me broo :)
"if this question is asking your opinion then why does it tell you you are ""wrong""? ~Sylvi
good luck :) "
"hi mates!
how and where can we download our certificates? "
The definition of amnesia is not quite right. There's also dissociative Amnesia(non-organic, non-symptomatic). Maybe you wanted to define Dementia which is rather associated with organic deficiencies.
"Prejudice (and aggression) is widespread and seen throughout history in all cultures and all individuals.  It must be a normal human characteristic. There must be an evolutionary (survival) benefit to being prejudice. Life in hunter-gatherer societies was violent, brutal, and short. Competition for scarce resources was fierce. To survive, one needed to quickly identify members of the out-group and prepare to fight or flee, and even kill.  Prejudice had a survival advantage. In today's cosmopolitian society, the large diversity of individuals makes it impossible to identify in-group/out-group affiliations in any meaningful manner. Prejudice is incompatible with high density populations.  Prejudice nolonger serves us well, but the genes remain. My belief is that aggression, prejudice, and racism are ""normal"" and ""natural"", yet unacceptable.  Hopefully, nurture can override and not reinforce nature.  But, it is important to remember that there will always be a dark and tragic side to humans.  War, prejudice, racism, and exploitation will always be with us."
So, gender is whatever you says it is. Is that it? Is that your answer? That is a rather ambiguous response (almost a non-response) or opinion.  I would have appreciated a more detailed in-depth discussion.  A lot more could have been said about gender and/or homosexuality from a physiological, psychological, cultural, legal, or historical context. Gender (via gay marriage and gay rights) is an ongoing political controversy.  It would be nice to know what scientific research has determined about homosexuality.
Exactly what was meant by the instructor by this statement? What link is there between pseudo-parkinsonian symptoms and dopamine receptors?
Just another application of Hebb`s law (as I see it)
"where are the Certificates ? its already been more than 2 weeks , i finished course. Got no update on it. Are we supposed to get it. Or is it not possible because of some issue.
Hope to get certificate soon.
Thanks  "
"I have two questions : 1)can human speaks the language of animals?
(I think it would be more exciting and less selfish)
Can our brains to understand the language of animals and develop this kind of communication?   2)Basis of Chomsky's words I could talk like a horse or...like a fox?!!
and basis of Skinner's words  if I grows into a pack of wolves would be talking like a wolf? "
Fortunately for me (as a Greek) the GREEK language has so many synonyms that would be impossible to not be able to translate my thoughts into words! unlike difficulty to translate my thoughts in another language because, unfortunately, there are no corresponding words!
Hi Lauren, I like your voice by now but did you realize you forgot the first name of the men more often then those of women, isn't this a bit ...how should I say.. biased?
Sorry I really had to laugh about the first one :)
"just a suggestion: you could add ""phonem"" as the smallest ""sound""-unit meaning something."
"Hi Susan: i have a cat called ""Nico""., when I and my wife goes out he spent the whole time ""crying = mewo  really loud"", put his toys in front of the bedroom, or in the top of our bed, but when we come back to the house, he reacts upset with us. Watchig the second graph in the Ainsworth terms i noticed the similarity.  i wonder does animal are capable to behave like babies in the same attachment developmental stage ? Thanks Gabriel. "
But why does question fulfill Iconic and sensory when either one can suffice?
I am unable to answer this question. Please help in answering!
I am unable to download the video
I don't know about the stats but i want say this... That in airplane crash you have 0% chances of surviving, however in car crash you have at least some chances. You know what i mean that is why i fear flying in an airplane.. i don't know if you can look it that way.... You can look from the accidents against survival point of view or the ratio of survivors in airplane crash to that of car accidents.
Sorry, but you were not very exact with the term phonem. Because this always belong to a language. And as log as babies have not really learned to use their muscles for producing sounds you should talk about sounds. And later on about the pruning out of sounds which aren't phonems of the tongue they are about to learn.
In the last part of this lesson, the lecturers says 'Genes are both nature and nurture' . Slightly before this, he mentions that epigenetics, concerned with how environmental factors affect certain parts of our genome that determine how our genes are expressed. In the 'Genome' lesson a few lessons back, it was mentioned that its some portion of the other 98% of our genomes (and not the coding 2% called genes) that control how our genes are expressed. So... just to be clear: Genes don't control how they themselves are expressed, right? 
Isn't a synapse like a train station? The neurons (and esp. the axons) are the trains, the neurotransmitters are the people which leave one train, travel through the station, and join another. Everyday when I am at the subway station I am reminded of all these synapses in my body which work in a similar way, only at a much smaller, molecular level. Isn't it amazing?
I want to take this class but I can't find the 'Enroll' button. How do I enroll? And what do I do if I want to take the class for credit? What is the tuition fee?
At the end of the final exam, we are returned to the My Courses  page which coaches us to resume the course. We are then returned to the last question (30) of the exam. Is there a problem with the system?
the answer is iconic and sensory memory, but comes to no error, please help
"Can we find or construct an analogy to the biological evolution of the brain in cultural systems? The brain is certainly the result of million years of development, as the course says the brain is made of various brain structures which vary in age 
the hindbrain or rhombencephalon - oldest, can be found in fish, reptiles 
the midbrain or mesencephalon - can be found in birds, mammals 
the prosencephalon (or forebrain) - youngest, appeared in primates, humans 
 the hindbrain or rhombencephalon - oldest, can be found in fish, reptiles  the midbrain or mesencephalon - can be found in birds, mammals  the prosencephalon (or forebrain) - youngest, appeared in primates, humans  but our culture and civilization is the result of thousand years of development, too. Tribes, countries and states are ruled by governments. First we had religions, the oldest part of culture is government in form of religion and religious ideologies. Then we had military empires, which means information processing by the appropriate systems and military actions to defend  the system. Finally we have discovered how to find out things systematically through thinking, reasoning and logic: science. And we figured out how to represent the people in the parliament through democracies - just like the various parts of the body are represented in the cerebral cortex (the body parts in the primary somatosensory cortex, and the senses in the various primary sensory cortices). 
the hindbrain or rhombencephalon - religion, ideologies, can be found in early civilizations and tribes
the midbrain or mesencephalon - media, military, can be found in ancient civilizations and countries
the prosencephalon (or forebrain) - democracy, science, can be found in modern states and societies
 the hindbrain or rhombencephalon - religion, ideologies, can be found in early civilizations and tribes the midbrain or mesencephalon - media, military, can be found in ancient civilizations and countries the prosencephalon (or forebrain) - democracy, science, can be found in modern states and societies"
"Is it possible to describe ""pain"" in terms of neural activity or flow patterns in the activity of the neural network in the cerebral cortex? If we consider pleasure as the opposite of pain, and view pleasure as a kind of ""flow"" (it is obvious that the brain will try to facilitate activities that are judged as good and pleasurable, see also Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi's Flow concept), one could think that pain is like a ""sink"" for the flow of neural information.  If we feel pain in a certain body part - a sign that the physical integrity of the body is in danger -  then the corresponding neural assembly is activated by excitatory connections, and at the same time deactivated by inhibitory connections, which results in an overall loss of flow. The same pattern occurs on a more abstract level if we lose a person. In this case we think of that person constantly - the corresponding assembly is activated - but at the same time any action related to it is inhibited, and we can not act as we would like to do (because the person is gone or the relationship over, etc). "
"How about the internal dopamine reward system that can be set on a goal? So we got an aim, perceice in our way (maybe quite neutral stimuli) and reward ourselves?
It's a small -though overestimated- place of free will isn't it? Where we think the situational effect hasn't anything to do with it.  and..this is a bit philosophical....where does chance come in in both theories (i mean internal and external) Where did they put their ""randomizers""?"
I would like to take this class for credit this fall. I read somewhere online that this won't be offered until January 2014.... is this true?
"I was wondering why there's a wrong answer to this question? Aren't I being asked to shed my opinion? I personally thought the second paragraph is creative as well; there's a lot of rhyming going on. It made me think of Radiohead. The first paragraph is a word splat as well. It sounds like you're suggesting that because a schizophrenic says something it's not creative? (On another note, my English teacher reckoned we shouldn't read James Joyce - especially not Finnigan's Wake - and he was only read by people who thought they should. I thought the Dubliners was nice, though.)"
Lesson 14 ,Problem 18, can someone give me the hint so that I can figure out the answer?
"You know, that : ""Development language"" in the beginning of the lesson doesn't suggest the right answer. Why should animals be able to apply the correct grammar when animals can't and (as in ""human language"" (also in the same lesson)): grammar enables the communication of abstract and distant ideas.
this is not built up well then. "
Dear Udacity, I really enjoy the class but may I ask why the teacher talk so fast. That fast talking and fast frame changing are for people that already in the field. That's my opinion. Regards,
Our genes lay the foundation for who we are and then epigenetics can cause some changes. How much  a person can change due to epigenetics? For example, can a person with low genes on music become a good musician?
As we divide nervous system into autonomic (sympathetic and parasympathetic) and somatic - is it possible to point out the location of each of these in our nervous system?
Should be spelled inattentional, right?
i looked after a wile a the answer and found out mi answer is right still it does not let me answer it may be a bug or virus please fix as soon as possible please
Why do humans have (or have to have) colored -and differently so among each individual- iris?
Stress causes dendrites to shrink in hippocampus region is there are way to recover them or the  loss is permanent. If it is permanent then people with stressful lifestyle or their genetic disposition can no longer learn better even if they try....
"Of course you need certain elements of a theory(including the interface called logics) to deduce others in our heads). But how about the implicit learning? Of course we need knowledge to build on (i.e. muscle tensions, how it feels when we make a certain movement etc.) But I don't think we need theoretical constructs suited to communicate to learn in this area.
Drawings and symbols express ideas too why should there need to be words in the language for the specific idea? How could they even be created? Certainly not by speech which can be communicated only. "
"There's no ""present perfect Tense"" in German, should be introduced because Germans have to use additional words just in order to get the message through. Plus, in general, German uses up a lot of resources. It's like an outdated operating system which is not very efficient. English is more effective in communicating ideas plus there are of course more words. "
I think that would be a really interesting question (with really interesting answers!).  I would think, for example, a writer or artist might be helped by neuroticism, but there must be many more interesting careers for people who are neurotic.
"There is some dis-aggreement with the Problem Set 01-1, which suggest Sentence ""Phrase"" instead of ""Phase"" as the correct name of this stage. However, both would make sense..."
If a baby is born with a 25% brain size and a 2 year old has the most neurons. How big is a 2 year old's brain? Also, how many neurons grow in the first 2 years?
Could someone please explain in what situation would you ever use double blind studies? For if you as researcher don't know which group the participants are in nor do the participants know which group they are in, how on earth will it be possible for you as researcher to determine whether your hypothesis stands or falls? Cheers!
This is effective too .
you guys are awesome . 
Love you Udacity, Love you introduction to psychology course Team :)
"I got the right answer in quiz 'primary source' but the system just keep telling me it is wrong.
Andy can u fix it?  "
"Ironically, you want the answer ethical reasons and this question is not fairly put.   You want us to think of the answer, and I did, and then when I put something equivalent to ethical reasons, I got Incorrect!!!
Ridiculous the way this question is set up. "
"you know Greg, that it's too high an aim to confirm a theory.
I'd rather put it this way: you can test a hypothesis   . But a theory is a (structured) agreement of already tested hypotheses which try to explain a phenomenon. The theory can not proved to be right but is approved unless proved wrong.
Marcus  "
I like this clear fundamental differentiation either the set of skills is one single and also unique or there are more unique sets out there the latter sounds friendlier of let's say more humanistic.
"Think about this: what is beauty?
ok there are some who look at a top-model and say, I know it when I see it.
ok, we rule out those without a nervous-system, and let's even say we're concentrating on humans(even though i like- let's say- the form of a dolphin, I can see that there are somewhat different criteria between man and women. And even highly rated ones are in different types. Why should this be one scale only. looking at intelligence i ask myself: is a human scoring 0 as intelligent as a stone? or as a brick?
another thought:
Where do the demands of the environment come in here? I mean, why develop a skill/ability when it turns out to be an obstacle in your environment.    "
"i typed in the answer box ""crawl to mom"" and it passed as correct. just thought id let you guys know."
Hello guys, There is something that does not make sense to me... we can't even see our scores at the end of the exercise sets, so we cannot track our performance and know if we will be able to earn the certificate. For instance, if I got 70% in one of the exercise sets, there is no way I can get the certificate?
Hi! I do not know how to deal with this problem. Should I choose one or two or more answers?
"1)I am little less then halfway through this beautiful psychology course. My understanding is that i am required to obtain minimum of 80% in each lessons to be successful on course. How can I know if i am obtaining required marks on lessons? What if in some lessons I score less then 80%?
2)What if i don't pass this course at the end in final exam ?
3)I don""t have knowledge about credit on psychology course. Can I turn to for credit course now ? what is the actual difference between credit and non credit ? 
Thanking you in advance.   "
I get it that the sympathetic system decides whether my heart starts racing or not, but eventually, isn't the central nervous system that takes the rational choice? 
In the previous experiment you told us that it was because of that girl's number of tasting buds, but what about now?
Not sure I get it. Intellectual stimulation? Like doing problems? Social stimulation? As in being around people?
I don't think so. Steve Jobs didn't eat much at all to where his digestive system wasn't really used. Can anybody shed some light for me? I at least don't think we need more food than chimps.
Got the correct number and saw the gorilla too
Can you give the reasoning behind those advice?
Is this a self paced class?
How is it that we are able to detect shapes and lines but not colors in a pitch black room after a couple minutes? 
Does it always happen the same way, do people really not do anything if there are others around?
Are there really people that have more taste-buds ?
Wanna go out on a date?
"No matter where you currently are in the course, what does the word ""psychology"" mean to you?  What do you think it is?  And how do you think understanding psychology will apply to your everyday life?"
HI !  I wonder to know how  one  is able to return to the  early lesson where i have ceased  because i want to keep on listening for the next time where i have finished the class, for example i am done with lesson 3 and want to close the page but for the next time  it is hard to me to turn back to it . Tanks
Is the Cochlea responsible for balance as well? 
I like how the staff was being funny while preparing for the sense olympics.
"My eye colour puzzles people quite often and I've always been curious about why it changed as it did, especially since I learned about brown and blue alleles in biology years ago. I was born with blue eyes, and up till about the age of 9 they stayed blue, but with a slight tinge of brown that sometimes caused them to appear to be different colours in different lights. As I grew older, my eyes became more and more brown, till they seemed to have settled at a sort of hazel shade as a constant. My hair darkened from blonde to a similar brown, as well, so sometimes people have a hard time believing childhood photos are actually of me. Lol. My mother and father had blue eyes.
My father's parents had blue eyes.
My mother's father had blue eyes, but her mother had brown.   brown My theory was that there must have been some of the brown genetic code that passed down from my grandmother to me, somehow, but I have no real scientific basis for this. Any thoughts?"
So the experiment would've made more sense if you had no gun in sight, and just ringed the bell
Who of you guys realized her beautiful yawn?
for blind and deaf people, how does this effect their overall other senses or does it not have an impaction?
I'm not sure if I got it correctly. Could we say that the external factors such as economic, social and historic situation influences our family and its functioning leading to differences in the ways we are reared? Or are talking about the social interactions with people out of family? If so, how is that possible? I mean, how our inside the family experiences may be less important than the outside experiences to shape personality?
This is not a question but I would like to say that these videos do help a lot even though at times can be very cheesy. Its way better than reading a book!
I never knew that the different colors that we see as humans were only different wavelengths that entered our eyes. It also talked about colorblindness, and how someone was red-green color blind. Can people be blind of a mixture of different colors, and how would you be able to know other than having them look at different colors. Like, why can different people not see certain colors and other can? Is it all based on wavelength?
"MILK, EGGS &amp; FLOUR combine to make BREAD
bread encloses TOMATO &amp; CHEESE to make a sandwich
drink: SODA
dessert: ICE CREAM
yay!! lots of VITAMINS    "
How is it that deaf or blind people have a stronger sense in another area? Also, how would you know if you have more taste buds than an average person?
"Hello, 
Just wondering how long each lesson was. 
That way I can better plan how I take the Course.
Any Suggestions how to do it or should one just watch all the videos as we find time for it.   "
How come physical and emotional pain come from the same place in the brain? Physical pain doesn't feel the same is emotional pain. Also, what do you mean by subjective experience?
Does the fact that some people speak either loudly or quietly, have anything to do with how the sound vibrations travel to the tympanic membrane? Is that why some people  yell, even though they are talking to  someone that is next to them??
Does the fact that the retina isn't doing it's job right lead to people being permanently blind? Or does it just have to do with the use of glasses??
So my friend became color blind after a car accident and he could only see the colors green and brown. How is that possible?
Does every living thing on earth have limited sense organs and therefore nothing has ever perceived the world as it actually is? The idea that no one/nothing has perceived the world as it is, is extremely intriguing to me. 
"I remembered in the past video about how the number of tastebuds effects someones taste. Lets say someone drank something really hot and burned their tongue. Would there sense of taste be effected. Whenever i listen to music, I usually blast the volume really loud and i'm guessing that's the reason I couldn't hear anything past 15,000htz. If my guess is true, than can the other sense (sight, touch, and smell) be ""hurt"" as well?"
I am a little confused about how 40 decibels is half of 50 decibels. We should learn more about that.
Are there people who can tell the difference threshold  when its under 3%? 
Are there longer/shorter wavelengths for colors? If so, would it be the neutral colors? 
Are there longer/shorter wavelengths for colors? If so, would it be the neutral colors? 
How is it possible to hear less than 0 dB??! 
If the same parts of the brain are activated whether it is physical or emotional pain, does the brain know the difference? If so, then is it possible for the brain to be unable to tell the difference?
In other words, what part of our pain receptors get shut off when we are numb? 
How can an individual sense the different taste in a small amount of time ?
Is psychological pain included as well?
does it depend on the nerves where the pain is too?
how does industrial and organizational psychology work and differ?
Just today, I went to the store, and saw a 3D hologram. How is it that it really looked like one object was closer to me than the other, when it's all on a flat piece of plastic? I literally reached out and touched it! 
"While researching about colorblindness I came across with rods vs. cones. I'm slightly confused about the use to rods. I know that rods help us see in the dark but what happens to our rods during the day? Do they shut off when the cones are ""working"" in the daylight?"
I liked the lesson! It was creative and informative!
When there are 0.3% left it is about 3 out of thousand who score above or below the 3-sigma-range, right?
If smell can bring back strong memories because the neural impulse directly travels to the frontal lobe, then would you be able to spray something you do not want to forget and remember it? Would this be good for studying?
I think some people have a stronger sense of smell than others. Is this because a person has more cilia, or possibly because transduction occurs at a different rate for that every person?
The process that takes place so we can interpret sound is so interesting. I never knew that so many steps have to take place.
"""Confirmation bias is a filter through which you see a reality that matches your expectations. It causes you to think selectively."" http://youarenotsosmart.com/2010/06/23/confirmation-bias/ http://youarenotsosmart.com/2010/06/23/confirmation-bias/"
"Still don't get the part ""a sound of 50 dB volume would be as half as loud a 60 dB sound."""
What a fantastic class? I learned so much about human behavior, i am embarrassed to have been so ignorant. Lauren, Dr. Susan and Dr. Greg, my sincere thanks for sharing your wisdom and knowledge.
"i am having hard time to understand the question about weight difference threshold. why the answer is 100 g vs. 101 g&gt;"
Since they are squished together, does that mean they are similar to complex waves which is a mixture of more than one wave?
So the little hairs in the cochlea are only to hear different sounds? And what happens to the liquid after it vibrates?
Where are all these flavors located on our tongue? Is it all over the place or is the salty on the left side? And so on.
Regarding smell, why do some smells can cause a human to vomit or faint?
How similarly do animals and human act subjects when put under psychological tests? And to what extent can we rely on animals for accurate psychological data? 
Why do people hate the sound of nails scratching on a chalk board?
How come we hear ringing in our ears from certain sounds, even at small decibels. Can this affect our accuracy in hearing?
Is it things at further place look smaller? 
If mechanoreceptors respond to texture changes, can they respond to temperature changes?
How are we able to perceive depth with only one eye?
What if you are able to see parts of a color but can't quite see what the image is trying to show, does it still make one color blind or just depends the vision?
How is it possible for there to be less than zero dB?? Is it kind of like temperature, where it can go to negative degrees? Also, I was confused about the concept where every 10 dB decrease corresponds to half the volume.  If 50dB is half as loud as 60 dB, and 40 dB is 1/4 as loud as 60 dB, then how loud would only 20 dB be? I don't understand how to figure that out...
Why is breaking your arm and breaking up with your boyfriend a subjective pain and similar pain even though it is no where near the same? Would that mean that subjective pain can be both emotional and physical. 
I was amazed to find out that emotional pain can be just as painful as physical pain. Tell this point i would have never thought that mourning from a break up can be as painful as breaking your arm. I will now have more patience and tolerance to those in emotional tribulations. 
How does the ear look compared to the diagram shown about the ear in this lesson if a person is deaf? what part would be missing?
How come physical and emtional pain come from the same place in the brain if they don't feel the same? 
"In the video, Gregory Feist stated that the same areas of the brain are activated for both physical &amp; emotional pain. Is that only due to the nociceptors? Or are there other contributing factors, such as specific areas of the brain (frontal/parietal lobe, etc.)?"
I remember hearing about these three bones in the ear if I'm not mistaken they are called the hammer, anvil, and stirrup. I took psychology my senior year in high school and my teacher made us specifically learn these three names. Not really sure if we are going to be tested on these names though.
"so in the video the guy said at what point you van tell the difference, that which cup id heavy.
So my question is, does that threshold point is different for different people. for example old people or kids.?
in my point of view i think its going to be different for them because as their body feel more weight they can tell the difference, where young people don't really realize that because their body is strong and developed.   "
"There are 2 questions I want to ask and a statement I have to make: 

In order to keep up the high standard of didactic, I suggest you turn the graph and make clear that you are not talking about a scale you explained before but instead talk about 3 groups of ""genetic relatedness""


How do you explain that adopted children, not sharing the same environment, show correlation in IQ scores? Is it just the fact that they are adopted?


In my opinion, without a proper definition of ""genetic relatedness"" this term has issues with validity too. I mean you are not referring to how many genes a person shares with another,  whether we can assess a gene at all; you don't talk about alleles or whether a trait is polygenetic. You rather want to compare how different a sequence of a person is to a person of one of those groups(mentioned in 1) yet you still want to make a general statement. Which sequence do you analyze in order to get the figures of ""genetic relatedness""?
M.S.

 
In order to keep up the high standard of didactic, I suggest you turn the graph and make clear that you are not talking about a scale you explained before but instead talk about 3 groups of ""genetic relatedness""
 In order to keep up the high standard of didactic, I suggest you turn the graph and make clear that you are not talking about a scale you explained before but instead talk about 3 groups of ""genetic relatedness"" 
How do you explain that adopted children, not sharing the same environment, show correlation in IQ scores? Is it just the fact that they are adopted?
 How do you explain that adopted children, not sharing the same environment, show correlation in IQ scores? Is it just the fact that they are adopted? 
In my opinion, without a proper definition of ""genetic relatedness"" this term has issues with validity too. I mean you are not referring to how many genes a person shares with another,  whether we can assess a gene at all; you don't talk about alleles or whether a trait is polygenetic. You rather want to compare how different a sequence of a person is to a person of one of those groups(mentioned in 1) yet you still want to make a general statement. Which sequence do you analyze in order to get the figures of ""genetic relatedness""?
M.S.
 In my opinion, without a proper definition of ""genetic relatedness"" this term has issues with validity too. I mean you are not referring to how many genes a person shares with another,  whether we can assess a gene at all; you don't talk about alleles or whether a trait is polygenetic. You rather want to compare how different a sequence of a person is to a person of one of those groups(mentioned in 1) yet you still want to make a general statement. Which sequence do you analyze in order to get the figures of ""genetic relatedness""?
M.S. "
Even if we are completely focused, if something small catches our attention, can we be truly focused on one object? I think its called cognitive blindness?
"I really find it unfortunate mix Rogers therapy with Maslow's ideas. The determinants of behavior can be physical, biological, hormonal or social, and social means using language as a tool.
Rogers offers a space of acceptance because it helps the individual and not because it is the explanation of his conduct. We direct our behavior with our language. "
Rain Man is a 1988 movie that has a character partially inspired by Kim Peek. I never saw the movie but I intent to change this in a few hours. Rain Man UPDATE: I saw the movie and the autistic character really embodies the characteristics of his condition. He doesn't feel very comfortable being touched by somebody else and when in stressful situations he starts beating himself, which are two common characteristics of an autistic person.
You teased us, you know that
Which nerves system gets activated when a person Smokes, is it Parasympathetic or sympathetic  ?
"enthusiasm and the ability to innovate, to study them, what kind of psychology applies here?
personality I guess, but... it's more of a skill, the more knowledge and practice the more different someone's perception is, consequently different attitude and/or actions.
I don' t know, am I missing something here?  "
"Dan Ariely's awesome ""Predictably Irrational"" has an entire chapter about social norms against market norms. He starts by saying that Margaret Clark, Judson Mills and Alan Fiske were right when they said we live simultaneously in two different worlds, one where social norms prevail and other where the market norms rule. The social norms are things we do for other people without wanting a reward.  Like helping with a heavy object or holding a door open. This kind of situations is a source of pleasure for both sides, so we do such things without thinking about a reward or something similar. The market norms are different. We are always doing things for the rewards. (Maybe the relationship between a job and a payment check is a good example.) We are always measuring the cost/benefits of our actions and trying to take advantage of them. The most interesting part of the chapter comes when he tells about the experiments made about mixing these worlds up. For example: When you offer a small amount of money for something that could be done as favor, people tend to refuse the task they would do for free. Using pure logic this makes absolutely no sense. You could think that doing a favor plus some money is always better than doing a favor for no money at all, but this is not how things work."
Kaffine and reaction time are correlated according to the reaction time by experimenting with two groups.... But these are different personalities who have their own alertness levels and it also depends on the mood they are in at the time before drinking .... So everyone is unique and have their own reaction times and just Kaffine and reaction time can be correlated but it can't  be a cause and effect relation.....  Everything is subjective... So how it can be taken as 100% accurate test....  Instead the test person should be kept in the same mood or feelings for the day and also he should eat same food on both days as food can change a person's emotions and mood (Better to do this test at morning at empty stomach )and this tests should be done in two different days and the same person (or group of persons for more accuracy ) should be tested on both the days.... There can be a lot of factors to be considered.... So, my opinion is that drinking coffee with kaffine can't be a definite cause  to decrease reaction time... 
The lessons are still fresh on my mind, so I was very sure about my answers. Still, I couldn't get the right answers. :(
Gracias a todas y a cada una de la personas que hicieron posible este curso. Me pareci excelente. Atento saludo, Ricardo Alvarado
i really don't know how to answer it.  i feel so sad.
how can i skip a question, i cant answer it right
While waiting for the traffic lights, I saw the girl behind me was obviously fiddling with her bicycle. Now, I don't know much about them, but I still asked what was wrong with it, since she looked a bit desperate. A metal part was stuck and the wheel wouldn't turn. Then the lady behind us said, 'Oh, my husband is a bicycle repairman!' and she yelled at him to come over. He repaired her bicycle on the spot, free of charge. A few minutes later, the girl could ride again. It's not a very dramatic case (I mean, no one was dying!) but I still think it's a nice example. 
While we're on the topic, I'm currently sitting with my laptop on the couch instead of in the office. A wasp snuck through the bedroom window ( and I literally ran outside when I saw it buzzing around...), so I closed the first floor off with a hatch (which we normally only use in the winter to save heating gas). It's off limits til my boyfriend gets home tonight to save the day.
Does anyone know how I can un-enrol from this course?
The given answer says that the professional recommended to deal with this case is the social psychologist. Why is that? The only thing I could think is that discrimination is a social phenomenon, therefore,that should be the answer. Any more suggestions?
Well, my mom was about 20 when she married, and my dad was about 28, and even though my mom got married pretty young, I want to assume that I'd be getting married one day at say age 25. When I have formed a career. Yet again, times were way different and didn't have as much technological advances as we do now.
I think the 3 distinct attachment styles are very interesting! However, I wonder if a baby could be Avoidant Attachment or Anxious Attachment even if the parent shows much warmth and loving towards him/her.  In other words, is the behavior based solely on temperament or is it a combination of temperament and treatment by the parent? Also, could the baby grow out of this behavior? Is it possible for an Avoidant attachment baby to become a warm and affectionate person in the future?  Or, on the other hand, could a Secure attachment baby grow up to be a cold and non-affectionate person in the future? 
I'm re-certifying to becoming a Certified Peer Specialist. Do my answers need to be recovery focused? Thank you.
"I have read several times that certain people have some sort of defect that is causing them to become obese - connected to genetics and inheritance. 
I am wondering if those problems are found to be connected to changes in the Hypothalamus region, or is it an entirely different defect (e.g., different hormone production ratios?) "
"I am wondering what makes one like coffee after all.
I am pretty sure that the first coffee in life tastes disgusting for 99% of the people. However, many can't live without coffee at some point and even claim how well a good cup of coffee tastes.
In this particular case I am wondering if it is just the ""exposure"" of the ""food component"" of coffee that makes you like it after time - as mentioned in the lecture. Or is it more due to the drug component (caffeine) that alters the perception of the taste itself - not the longing of coffee, but really the aspect that it is ""tasty""?  "
My mom was 25 when she got married and my dad was 26.  This is also the age I would like to be when I get married.   I think the age gets higher over time because people are more focused on work and education.  In the past, only men worked and women stayed at home, which is why I think they wanted to marry earlier and have children earlier.  Now, both genders tend to work and be very focused on their careers, so they are okay with getting married later.  However, it's interesting because a lot of people live with their significant other without being married to them.  I think that this may be another reason why they are willing to postpone marriage.  Since they are already living with each other, they don't feel rushed into getting married.   I think I will be ready to be married when I've finished my education and have started a job.  I want my life to be in order before I commit to a life relationship and have a family.  
I think coping with you own death is probably very similar to coping with a loved one's death.  There would definitely be different perspectives in dealing with your own death vs. the death of someone else, but still the same stages of emotions.   I think that dealing with your own death would cause you to have a more positive outlook than dealing with someone else's death.  Knowing you are going to die, I can imagine that you would want to make the most of the time you have left and make it positive.  But if I knew a loved one were going to die, I would probably spend a lot more time crying and mourning.  
Kindly provide the lecture text notes for our referance and record.I am finding your lecture very very interesting but due to our professional work pressure I am not able to retain all the points in memory to answer all the questions.Will you please therefore provide us the Notes for all the lessons so that we revise them again and keep updated.
"If  I am not able to the answer correct,I generally try other options given there.But I am getting the message ""try again"" for all options.
I suggest you can provide us maximum three attempts and thereafter provide us the correct answer so that we take a note of the correct answer.But it is not happening. "
"When I was little I used to create a lot of unique words. For example Yoghurt (In german ""Joghurt"") was ""Jogjog"", and my pacifier was ""Munni"" (it goes into the mouth, mouth in german is ""Mund"" and that's where ""Munni"" came from; Munni would be pronounced like moony with a short vowel).  Another example is my nephew. When he saw a pottery duck I made for my mum he said ""Kra"", because that's the sound he heard from crows and so he used it for all birds. "
"Hello all,
I started with Introduction to Psychology a couple of weeks ago and plan to finsih it by the end of October.
Will I get a certificate too? Or certificates are just for people that made the course during the summer?   Thanks for your time in advance. Greettings from Barcelona!! (Catalua-Spain)
Susana "
ok, i have to admit, i am not getting this.. all of those words are making me dizzy... neuron transimitters, reuptake, blah.
I heard somewhere that we actually have more than five senses.The extra ones are things such as the the sense of balance, sense of body positioning, sense of time and so on. Did I hear wrong?
I answered too fast here. The core question was: which extrinsic factors can you think of. And I mentioned factors which also belong to the way work is organized. A work-friendly room where you seem to have choice could be seen as a external reward you wanna come back to every day.  create work-friendly rooms: emotionally(color, noise level, logistically(ergonomic, distances, demands according to abilities and health), let them think they decide
"How about putting systemic factors which are intrinsic to hierarchies above extrinsic or intrinsic motivation. 
E.g. you don't even need extrinsic motivation to make good people(no intrinsic motivation) to bad ones(intrinsic though maybe not even perceived) as seen in Milgram's or the Staford Prison experiment.  "
"two questions: So Cholecystokinin is a general negative feedback signal to stop eating. Should the elaboration on more specific ones(depending on the food we take in) imply Cholecystokinin can also be one of these for specific intakes or is the main message here just: cholecystokinin and there are other signals stopping us from eating (which are not CCK), which explain why we can be full from A but still be eating B. second question(including third):
You defined needs, drives and motivation in a way that I'd rather say food is the need, hunger the drive and eating the motivated behavior.
Adding to this, I've found feedback characteristics within the definition of drives in a quite well written textbook. Would you agree to include them?   "
why there is no reply for my answer whether it is correct or wrong???
I think this is a correlation study as the researcher is not observing cause and affect in this case. He just wants to see if obesity and sugar consumption are related and not if sugar consumption causes obesity. Since he observes that ones with most sugar intake are the most obese i think this is a positive relation. Where am i wrong in this ? 
"there is typo on the second sentence. ""The low anxiety group preformed better on the tests than high, moderate and low anxiety group"""
"MIC - Milk/Ice Cream/Cheese - Dairy
FEB - Flour/Eggs/Bread - Baking
VTS - Vitamins, Tomatoes, Soda - Everything else  "
"sorry, but I completely disagree with the definition of metabolism here. You could simplify and say metabolism is at a certain rate. But Katabolism alone doesn't make sense at all. As heterotrophic organisms we simply transfer electrons from the energy rich organic molecules in our food to oxygen but the katabolism in which it is done  is meant to give us elementar building units which are also built into carrier of energy(apart from regenerating) which we use to keep up our anabolism(e.g. endergonic build up of macromolecules such as Proteins), or the steady state (""homeostasis"": in the metabolism of cells, organs, in the physiology of the whole organism), to move, keep warm........."
"Hello,
How to join this course? please answer. "
"the reasons i say it's foils example of social psychology are how often do you look out of your window at night? can you really hear everything going on the street you live in when you are watching tv or listening to a radio?  this is should not be used as exampled in academic setting. more info in wikipedia:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Kitty_Genovese  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Kitty_Genovese anyway, thanks for the course :-)"
"Question is badly written.
There is no sense in what its beeing asked and no way to answer properly. "
more explanation about allele?
This might be interesting to add:  I have an emotionally unstable personality disorder (borderline type) and learned this smiling thing during dialectical behavior therapy. So it's actually used as a skill for us to improve our feelings. 
Yes, Near my house, a fire started and began to burn some straw. I wasn't witness if someone had provoked the fire, but I was waiting to hear the firemen's horn and after several minutes anything occured. While the fire had been spreading along the road and was more close to another house, then I called the emergency telephone and they reported to me they actually knew the facts and the firemen were in the way.
Is it possible to get schizophrenia without a predisposition?
How viable would it be (if even possible) to use MDMA in psychopaths ? These individuals are very egocentric and lack empathy, which can be improved with the help of drugs like MDMA. I know that it's almost impossible to rehabilitate psychopaths since it's mostly a problem in brain regios like the amygdala and frontal lobe but would MDMA help in any way ?
Why the mind is always active evenduri
the subtitle of this video is from the last one
"So the take home message is: don't engage in sex unless you can talk about it. But you know there are people intellectuallizing and talking so much about it it's no fun any more, so they don't enjoy, think they don't have to have to nor need to but still want to enjoy and want to make the excitement work but even more 
fail in it. "
"I keep getting this when I select correlational and put ""positive"". Try again! Like a snowflake, your submission is unique and beautiful. However, we do not know how to assess it at this time. Please post on the forums about this question so we may soon give your work the praise it deserves."
"Masters&amp;Johnson didn't see include the appetitive phase in their model, when you call the first one excitement (not necessarily sexual) you might include it here!"
I found it easier to remember also because of the acronyms DVD=DVD player,  CIA=Central Intelligence Agency, and UN=United Nations.
I thought it was the smell of homemade cookies?
"If inflammation is a natural mechanism and its main purpose is ""fixing the body"", what's the point in using anti-inflammatory medicine?"
how do we know what our grades are?
I think that the last phrase is missing a word. However, we know that the drug component of the cigarette is actually classified as being in which drug class. know
"I have couple of question on drugs, which I have listed below. 
1.  Are Vitamins and  Portions tablets given to body are classified has drugs?, if yes to which category does these drugs fall under?
2.  What is a typical molecule structure of a drug?
3.  Is there is an chemical equation on how does Alcohol reacts with the human blood or oxygen in the body or the combination of both?
4.  How does drug helps in various environmental conditions (for example in a very cold weather condition) and why does it helps?     "
"This is an interesting article I've read recently, that is linked to the Big Five an interesting article 
Successlinkedtopersonality,lucktorisk
Dolosersluckoutbecauseoftheirpersonality,orcanfailurejustbeputdowntobadlifechoices?
Whetheryouspotyourbiglifechanceorletitpassyoubyhaseverythingtodowithyourpersonality andbeingmorerecklessmaybethekeytosuccess,apsychiatristsays.
SpeakingattheNewZealandbranchoftheRoyalAustralianandNewZealandCollegeof
Psychiatristsconferenceyesterday,psychiatristTonyDjurkovsaidthereissuchathingasluck.
Somepeoplewereindeed""luckier""thanothers,butthiswasbecausetheyweremoreopentonew
experiencesandtakingrisks.
Theymoreconsistentlyencountered,noticedandactedonchanceopportunities,andmetpeople
whoenrichedtheirlives.Theywerealsomorelikelytosucceed.
Toseehowlife'strajectorywasdeterminedbypersonalitytypes,DrDjurkovdelvedintoAustralia's
historytoanalysetheluckofsometurnofthecenturyminers.
ThesocalledSyndicateofSevenworkedinthetownofBrokenHill,NewSouthWales,in1883.
Togethertheyuncoveredamine,andeachgainedashareoftheprofits.
""Iwascaptivatedbythefactthat,thoughtheyhadthesameluckatthebeginning,someofthem
mademoremoneyandbecameincrediblyrich,andsomeofthemdiedpoorinthebush,""Dr
Djurkovsaid.
Throughananalysisofliteratureonthemen'slives,hefoundtheirsuccessorlackofitwas
linkedtotheirpersonalitytraits.
The""bigfive""personalitytraits,usedtodescribethedimensionsofhumanpersonality,were
openness,conscientiousness,extraversion,agreeableness,andneuroticism.
Thosewhoshowedmoresignsofopenmindedness,evenbeingreckless,endedupbetteroff,Dr
Djurkovsaid.""Ifyouarenarrowminded,immersedonlyinyourdaytodayroutine,ifyouareclosed
tonewideasandexperiencesanddonotseeoutsideofyouroccupationorliferoutine,youwillmiss
yourbigchance.""
 Successlinkedtopersonality,lucktorisk Successlinkedtopersonality,lucktorisk Dolosersluckoutbecauseoftheirpersonality,orcanfailurejustbeputdowntobadlifechoices?
Whetheryouspotyourbiglifechanceorletitpassyoubyhaseverythingtodowithyourpersonality andbeingmorerecklessmaybethekeytosuccess,apsychiatristsays.
SpeakingattheNewZealandbranchoftheRoyalAustralianandNewZealandCollegeof
Psychiatristsconferenceyesterday,psychiatristTonyDjurkovsaidthereissuchathingasluck.
Somepeoplewereindeed""luckier""thanothers,butthiswasbecausetheyweremoreopentonew
experiencesandtakingrisks.
Theymoreconsistentlyencountered,noticedandactedonchanceopportunities,andmetpeople
whoenrichedtheirlives.Theywerealsomorelikelytosucceed.
Toseehowlife'strajectorywasdeterminedbypersonalitytypes,DrDjurkovdelvedintoAustralia's
historytoanalysetheluckofsometurnofthecenturyminers.
ThesocalledSyndicateofSevenworkedinthetownofBrokenHill,NewSouthWales,in1883.
Togethertheyuncoveredamine,andeachgainedashareoftheprofits.
""Iwascaptivatedbythefactthat,thoughtheyhadthesameluckatthebeginning,someofthem
mademoremoneyandbecameincrediblyrich,andsomeofthemdiedpoorinthebush,""Dr
Djurkovsaid.
Throughananalysisofliteratureonthemen'slives,hefoundtheirsuccessorlackofitwas
linkedtotheirpersonalitytraits.
The""bigfive""personalitytraits,usedtodescribethedimensionsofhumanpersonality,were
openness,conscientiousness,extraversion,agreeableness,andneuroticism.
Thosewhoshowedmoresignsofopenmindedness,evenbeingreckless,endedupbetteroff,Dr
Djurkovsaid.""Ifyouarenarrowminded,immersedonlyinyourdaytodayroutine,ifyouareclosed
tonewideasandexperiencesanddonotseeoutsideofyouroccupationorliferoutine,youwillmiss
yourbigchance.""                      "
i do not know answer of question 19
"Hi! I have tried to put the word ""forebrain"" of multiples ways and i have had always the same reply ""Try Again"" Someone can help me with this question? Thanks!"
ps101No matter which answer I choose or the reasoning behind it, the answer comes back wrong. What exactly am I doing wrong? ps101
Can Sigmund Freud be considered a psychologist? He had no formal training on the subject. He studied medicine and became a neurologist, but I think there's a huge difference between a psychologist and a neurologist. And, OK, he may have made significant contributions to psychology, but this still doesn't make him a psychologist.
how can a social psychologist answer to discrimination
it will b more useful if u provide a ebook for this course.
you seem to be in good spirits here, that's quite enlivening even with a pen between the lips.
Are theer ethical rules  for experiments with animals?
"I thought I made this thread a short time ago in this section, but I don't see it anymore, so here is another thread. The correct answer for the problem referenced in the title is not being accepted by the marker as correct. It's supposed to be ""correlational"" and ""positive"", but submitting this answer just yields the following message:  Try again! Like a snowflake, your submission is unique and beautiful. However, we do not know how to assess it at this time. Please post on the forums about this question so we may soon give your work the praise it deserves.  Now flattery may be nice and all, but not when my answer is being rejected. :P"
Talking to some people I know who speak 3 languages. They said that it feels like having a large vocabulary. I thought that was interesting after learning about Chomskys approach. 
"Type: ""forebrain the largest part of the human brain"" without the quotes into the box. They need to redo this question, it looks like they are only looking for a one word answer when
they actually want you to complete half of the sentence from page 2 of the study material PDF.  Kind of silly I know, maybe this is a test within a test :)"
how to download the videos of psychology iam not getting them on my pc
Julian generally awaking later and Sarah generally awaking early are types of what?
I am an adolescent with asperger's and i am interested in knowing how teens with this disorder develop differently. can anyone tell me about it?
"Julian generally awakening later and sarah generally early are types of what? 
Sleep cycles that last over a little over 24 hours _ "
Both have got a refractory phase. So I answered with false.
"haha :) , nicely done with all the props.
you've got a cat too all of a sudden lol....? "
I remember reading somewhere that schizofrenia can manifest after hard drug abuse or after brain injury to the frontal lobe.  Can someone help me with this doubt? I'll appreciate it! Thank you!
Hey everone! I've just enrolled this course but I read the syllabus and all the due dates were for june! Can we still take this course and if so, when are the new due dates for each problem sets and exams?
Hey everone! I've just enrolled this course but I read the syllabus and all the due dates were for june! Can we still take this course and if so, when are the new due dates for each problem sets and exams?
"I have an academic background in psychology, but not practising it. I found the course is very interesting and interacting. Though I would organise it differently, like including notes and graphs in PDF, etc.
But, I honestly believe that some errors (like bacteria and mice examples) are unacceptable for such courses. It looks like you put an enormous effort to compile the videos, tests, study examples for the course, but how the lectures/writers of the course can make such serious mistakes?  It makes me doubt about the professionalism of lectures and course writes, as well as about the university reputation. In addition, subtitles are just terrible. There are grammar mistakes in the Instructor Notes as well and technical errors in Problem Set parts.
Diana. "
"Lauren, Susan and Greg: THANK YOU! I'm taking this class in a very particular moment of my life: I've been diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma some 5 months ago and I'm almost finishing the chemotherapy treatment. As a consequence of the treatment I had to put almost every aspect of my life in stand-by, being work and study the most difficult for me; and in order to fulfill my days I decided to take some online courses and somehow I got to Udacity (I honestly can't remember how) and I decided to take Intro to Psychology hoping that it may help me cope with what I'm going through. Now that the course is finished, all I can say is that it helped me -YOU helped me- more than I expected, and in more than one way! I couldn't press the next button without letting you know that! Thanks again, you've been great! Paola."
"So what if say I get furious easily on some remarks, but since i am conservative and nice I don't act them out and just try to nullify the feeling by mindfulness, so I become mad for a split second before I step in consciously; does that make me hostile or nice as a personality?  "
Leucotomy was invented by Egas Moniz and it was somewhat different from what Freeman did. It was an actual medical procedure that was made on top of the skull, not on the eyes like Freeman did. Also, he recommended this procedure to extreme cases where suicide or harming of others was imminent. Lobotomy has such a bad reputation because of Freeman did and the savage way he did those procedures. There was nothing medical or surgical about it, it was pure torture. Unlike what Dr. Egas Moniz did.
"Can we have more than one independent variable?
What would be the effect to our experiment? "
Can we find others psychology, if yes how?  
What is GABA? Is it an acronym?
what is correct answer of question14 and3 i try to write every possible answer
Hello you three!!! I have had a great learning experience with you. I have laughed and cried and I think this is great for learning, cause my emotions were shaked!! I will remember it a long time! I will recomend this course to everyone interested in Psychology!! Best regards from Barcelona in Spain Susana
There are three new lessons listed: Psyc1 Exam 1-3. However, when I click those lessons I am just redirected to the course overview page (the page you see when you are not enrolled in the course). Are those the for-credit exams, and is there a way for not-for-credit students (like myself) to see those lessons / take the exams (just for fun, not for credit), or should we just ignore those?
What is the last major part of the brain to evolve?
"i am not getting that
if i type hostile aggression "
"Acronym to remember a list:
Example./
Many Easter Cats Took Four Sassy Irish Vampires Blood. 
(Milk, Eggs, Cheese, Tomatoes, Flour, Ice-cream, Vitamins, Bread)   "
"Thanks Greg, Can you tell us how well the model of primary and secondary appraisal fits to the ""phase 1"" -Adrenal-medullary system and HPA-axis-model?
M.S.  p.s. I think, so far your videos show the fewest cuts, keep up the good work."
I got all correct answers but the system told me they were all wrong because I added the word 'memory' after each word
"I've studied ancient and Koine (New Testament-era) Greek, and it had a voice between the active and passive, the  middle voice.  English has nothing remotely like this, where the subject of a verb is both the actor and the recipient of the action for his or her own benefit.   In English, the active voice the subject acts (I read the book).  In the passive voice the subject is acted upon (the book is read by me).   The closest you can come to is something like saying ""the book reads well,"" meaning more or less ""I read the book and it is enjoyable.""   English used to have something close to this called the passival, but it's not quite as subtle and has disappeared anyway.  It adds a layer of nuance to texts that is very hard to translate simply into English for people who have never studied the languages."
"I really like these lavishly and well made videos. They illustrate the point of instrumental(task at hand) and emotional focused reactions very well. But the examples blur the distinction between instrumental emotional(that's why it's called autoplastic instrumental) and non-instrumental(=palliative) autoplastic(changing the organism) reactions:
The aggression strategy is acted out palliatively via an outburst of fury, The strategy of supplication is acted out palliatively in a crying fit.
But done in front of others this can also be instrumental, i.e. mobilizing other people for the task at hand. And when you talk about social support this is definitely instrumental acclimation(i.e. autoplastic and instrumental via changing expectations) .
I'm quite specific here because the  distinction between instrumental and palliative not only make a difference in the autoplastic(""emotional"") but they make a difference in health there .    M.S."
"answer correlational study : positive
is this correct? "
No logro ver sub titulos y no se ingles, como estudiar entonces las lecciones?
if someone did a brain scan of a person at a time of emotional or physical pain than wouldn't we have a good idea of how much pain they are in?
"I'm stuck on this question. In the answer I wrote that study is experimental . Independent variable is sugar and dependable variable is weigh. Why it's not correct? Thanks,
Tadas "
Hello! Shouldn't the answer to Juanita's reaction to a dog be both peripheral and sympathetic? (Since the sympathetic is simply just a lower level of the peripheral system?)
i answered correlational study with a positive correlation. why is this wrong? 
My eagle chased the foul short investigator very badly
tobacco leads to cancer, heart disease,stroke and lung disese, isn't it? but it says incorrect answer, can anyone tell correct answer
what is the correct answer pls can anybody help?
"I wrote correlations positive, not working 
why?
Thank you   "
"I always wondered why people tend to act like the people they hang around, like the saying ""you are who you hang out with.""  I also am curious about hypnosis as a method of therapy."
He said not everyone get's the stage where they are thinking formally.  Is there some difference in the earlier stages of development that make the difference between someone who thinks formally and someone who just believes what they believe?  
Do people in a coma dream?
I once felt really ill while on a train in a busy metro area. As I was getting off the train I collapsed and started to throw up. Despite being numerous people around nobody came to assist me or even see if I was ok. Is this the bystander effect or more an example of people indifference to other people's suffering. I'm thinking most people assumed that the vomiting was self inflicted by either drugs or alcohol. It did amaze me though as it was in the middle of the day. I should not have been surprised as I've seen people just walk past an unconscious person before.
If I had to choose between Skinner's and Chomsky's theories of language development, I would probably choose Chomsky.  I agree with his view that language comes from a structural approach.  When we are born, we discover language naturally and automatically.  Although I don't remember, I believe that it was not difficult for me to form my first language.  It was a structural process that happened automatically. 
I checked correlational study and positive . It would not accept my answer.
What is the answer to the question?  How to call smth when new born mammals consider someone who cares for them to be their mother?
Pity, there are no course notes for each lecture/lesson. It would greatly facilitate the learning process for those (like me) who dont have much time to do their own...
"Hello,
I enjoyed learning about  Psychology in this  class .how can I get my certificate?
thank you so much   "
"Experts estimate that about half of toxoplasmosis infections are caused by eating raw or undercooked infected meat, but you can also get the parasite by eating unwashed contaminated produce, drinking contaminated water, or handling contaminated soil, cat litter, or meat and then touching your mouth, nose, or eyes. Toxoplasmosis can't be transmitted from person to person, with the exception of transmission from mother to baby during pregnancy or from an infected blood transfusion or organ transplant. Do I have to get rid of my cat? No. You've probably heard that cat feces are a major source of toxoplasmosis, but that doesn't mean you need to get rid of your beloved pet. You'll want to take some extra precautions, though. Here's the scoop on how cats can become infected and transmit the infection. Felines are a natural host for the parasite, and it reproduces in their intestines. A cat may become infected with toxoplasmosis from eating infected prey or undercooked meat, or by drinking unpasteurized milk or contaminated water. The parasites then form ""oocysts"" in the cat's gut, and the cat excretes millions of these oocysts daily for up to three weeks. (Oocysts can't be seen with the naked eye, and in most cases you'll have no idea that your cat is sick.) The oocysts become infectious 24 hours or so after they're excreted. Under the right conditions, they can live in the soil, sand, or litter and remain infectious for up to 18 months. During this time, they spread, contaminating water, fruits, and vegetables, and infecting warm-blooded species, including humans, that come in contact with them and ingest them. So while it's possible to get infected with toxoplasma oocytes from direct contact with cat feces (such as handling the litter of a newly infected cat), you can also be exposed to oocytes elsewhere  while gardening, eating unwashed vegetables, or drinking contaminated water, for instance. see more....http://www.babycenter.com/0_toxoplasmosis-during-pregnancy_1461.bc?page=2"
who is a biological psychologist and what factors those he consider in drawing conclusions
Who or what is Silly Simon?
"In this video (Greg with a glass of water: Different responses to stress) the context is: positive(=instrumental) emotional(=autoplastic) coping. And the best way is to feel free to be an optimist. The example with the glass of water is an instrumental revision when he chooses to see it as half full.
But of course there are environmental(extrinsic) factors which take effect on your coping with the world. It's not just the alloplastic(what could be changed in the environment) such as lots of work or the relationship to your boss or such things as social norms such as role-norms e.g. the expectation that you have to see bad things happening to you as an optimist. People often get into a downward spiral via the negative coping that follows: denial(i.e. not seeing that there is a problem at all) or repression(i.e.telling yourself you have to see it positively, you have to....). Denial and repression belong to the autoplastic(where you deal with feelings but in a negative(i.e. palliative) way and do yourself harm. "
it seems interesting that we cycle back up and down in our sleep.  I think it is probably a survival trait.  A person get's to the point where they are almost awake to probably check their surroundings and make sure all is well and no tigers about to jump out and maul them and then go back into deeper levels of sleep.  
so people are light sleepers are people who are stay a lot in the theta waves cycle?
Hi, Are the summary slides for each lesson (the last video of each lesson) available in text format? Thanks in advance!
I took vegetables for my crazy energetic bunny, Sammy.
what will i get upon successful of this course?
What is the duration of this course?
I would like to express my appreciation to Udacity and the course instructors for this great course. Thank you and looking forward to similar courses in the near future.
"Hey Lauren, check it out: you blinked at me round 0:21 lol.
You improved a lot throughout the videos. Please don't make it too much ""newsreader"" your own style is better.
M.  "
My answer is Experimental study, I.V: Sugar, D.V: Weight. This answer is rejected and the same for all other answers tried.
Hello, I'm making the lesson 2 assessment quiz and I chose: Experimental study with IV: sugar amount and DV: weight. After the system says it' wrong I changed to correlational study with positive tendency, but once again it said that's wrong... What am I doing wrong? Thanks, Srgio
the subtitle mentioned inner naturalistic intel but the video showed interpersonal intel twice
"The question is a bit unfortunate. Phagocytosis is a quite general term. If refers to ""taking it up"" e.g. in the intern of a cell (which is able to ""phagocyte"").
The natural killer-cells belong to the unspecific immune system(you mentioned natural immunity), but they don't phagocyte, they make cells burst.  My suggestion is to either question what white blood cells called macrophages do. Or what white blood cells in general do: They are involved in the unspecific but also in the specific immune-response. Latter including T- and B-and even (Lauren surprised with big eyes:) memory cells."
No matter what i put in for this answer everything is wrong. EVERYTHING CANNOT B WRONG WHAT IS THE ANSWER PLEASE ANYONE.....Qestion asks H.M. was unable to_? _ _
This question doesn't seem to have a right answer. Help!
"Easy Mnemonic device for the list was
Take FIVE! TBCM (To Be Continued Momentarily)
First letter of each word that's on the list  "
"what about alprazolam?
in which category it is classified? "
Can someone please explain this to me. For some reason I'm not getting it.
No, really. I want in.
So  we develop perfect vision  by the age of 3,does this play a major role in the fact that the oldest of our  memories are only from when we were 3 to 4? I mean we wouldn't really be able to form memories before that as our sights wouldn't be clear enough to remember?
Here is my response: Correlational Study. Positive.
"I would like to thank each and every one who has helped in developing this
course
And i think i have got an idea about it(psychology)
thank  uuuuuuu lauren
i think i will miss u
but i will follow u on fb,twitter and linkedin
hope you will add me as ur friend
thanks to greg and susan with out u it wouldnt be possible
         "
If REM sleep is directly related to neroplasticity,why does it increase from 20% in adulthood to 23% in oldage?Isn't neroplasticity more for adults than old people?
"So how many friends do psychologists have ?     ;-)"
"Additional info regarding the frontal lobe as mentioned in clip: ""each of the paired lobes of the brain lying immediately behind the forehead, including areas concerned with behavior, learning, personality, and voluntary movement."" Cheers, Connie"
"My answer to question 13 (Lesson 2) is: Correlational and in the 'positive' direction. (question about obese children, sugar consumption and their weight..) Cheers,
Sab. :) "
"Gene Expression - ""the appearance in a phenotype of a characteristic or effect attributed to a particular gene."" Cheers, Connie"
How did Bandura measure the aggressiveness of children?
But attention is also important for learning, right? If you don't pay attention to things, you won't retain anything. What happens in the brain when you are trying to learn something but you are barely paying attention to it? This is a very interesting topic! 
"unable to understand &amp; answer to it, help me out..."
As has happened with many others, the quiz won't accept my answers. I initially tried Experimental with sugar and weight respectively. But after thinking about it, I went with Correlational with a Positive trend, because there wasn't an actual Control Group, per se.  Either way, it rejects my answers. I guess I'll just have to skip it... What's going on with this? Is it maybe the browser? I'm running Google Chrome on Windows 7 Pro. (if that helps) Cheers
Surely both these types of so-called altruism are transactional in nature, and not what one would consider altruism at all.  In fact, I'd say quite the reverse when there's even a potential perceived quid pro quo, altruism is the last thing in the world it is, even to a behaviorist.  quid pro quo
I selected experimental: IV: Sugar DV: Weight
Just thought I would let the instructors know. Thanks!
More on Piaget can be found here: http://www.simplypsychology.org/piaget.html http://www.simplypsychology.org/piaget.html
An FYI to be fixed. I answered this one wrong and was prompted by a Correct answer message. Thanks!
question as titled
"Correlation study with positive direction... Also the likelihood of the answer box not being able to accept a ""+"" or the word ""positive"" is null, I think we're the subject of an experiment. It would take less typing to program the answer box to accept our correct response than it would to come up with the beautiful script asking for us to move to the forums."
"This is a correlational study because there is no control groups or random selection.
The trend of this correlation is positive  because as the amount of sugar increases, so does the weight of the children.  Hopefully this post grants me access to the rest of the quiz:)"
Muchas gracias ^^
The problem is obvious. I tried several times but nothing changed!
"I can not and am stuck with the answer to the question?What now please?Thanks,
 bryce "
I can't  keep studying everyday, if it does nothing?
why can't the video play automatically?
"People falling to death after they ""jumped out of windows"" under the influence of LSD or psilocybin - as stated in this interview - is nothing but a myth. It's one of those rumors authorities spread in the late 60's in order to discredit those substances and the hippie-movement as a whole. As far as I know, there has never been a case where the use of hallucinogenics could clearly be linked to the behavior described above."
"Hi! My first answer was ""correlational study"" and ""positive direction"". But somehow it seems to be wrong. I tried all other possibilites, but each time it said my answer is wrong. is there maybe a technical problem?"
what happens that I can not answer after repeated effort I am drawing a blank,just wrong answers and how can I proceed?
"My answer is experiment study, with iv:sugar, and weight as dv
Who knows the answer?please "
I can't answer that problem!! Please anybody can explain? its ok??
Can we view a sample of the certificate? May be a demo as to show how it will appear?
The minutes given to each group is clearly  a researchers mistake . But is not included in the options listed why?
Correlation / positive
Tried all possibilities in the text field, but none seemed be satisfactory for the system to grant me access to the next questions. Any help?
"Good day professor/s! I think there is a technical issue in this question number. So here is my answer,  Experimental Study
Independent Variable: Sugar Intake
Dependent Variable: Weight   I hope that my concern will be addressed as soon as possible so that I can move on to the next question. Thank You!  P.S. I want to ask if my understanding of theory and correlation are correct. Theory is a result of many proven hypothesis but there is still a room for debate which may lead to its disapproval if it is proven wrong, am I right sir/ma'am? Correlation study just correlates a subject to another subject which comes from statistics and not from a controlled environment study. So it can be true or not? ^_^"
"Professors,
Is it I that has done wrong.I don't mean to manipulate the quiz but there seems to be no solution. I will keep on keeping on,as I can not go further.  Thank You Bryce"
But could it be that holding a pen/pencil in between your teeth is way more comfortable then holding it between your lips. Focusing on the video and on holding the pen in between your lips (which is a lot harder) could change your view on the video because of the uncomfortableness and because you are watching it for the 2nd time? (Repetition can also cause annoyance)
So... i'ts been a while since this has been a problem (correct answer won't go through), most likely a technical one, so... when will it be fixed? :)
"Greg suggested we share some of our unique ways of saying things... so here's my addition.
My family knows a non-existing language that was made up by my little sister that had Down Syndrome (severe and diminished into moderate somehow -- miracle baby =) .. Due to her inability to speak during her infancy and later, we taught her sign language (ASL).  Over the years she dropped the sign language and gradually gained the ability to hear and speak , but what we referred to as her ""language"" no one was able to understand, it was more of a form of almost unintelligible English.  Not until later in our adolescence did I realize that no one could understand her as it became 2nd nature to us, we basically had to have a translator (family member) whenever she had interactions with other people in order for her to be understood.  The strange thing is, is that close family members never had any difficulty at all understanding what she was trying to communicate.  After many years of constant speech therapy, she was able to functionally communicate with people in their own language (English), but at home she would talk in her language.  Even now that she is no longer with us, when our family gets together we often have a conversation in the language that she taught us... strange but cool :)
Oz A.  "
"Hello!
I would like to know if my answer is right or wrong .  Cheers,
Serena "
"Consumption of sugar for one year and its link with obesity seems to be a case pf experimental study.
How it could be correlational study? "
experimental study: sugar/weight
This would be an experimental study to determine if the IV sugar might cause the DV weight gain
Sorry, I don't get it!  The times given to remember vary but that is not an option. I tried to answer every which way and none were correct.
Choose the first 4 answers.
I guess I don't understand why this is an IV DV vs. a negative correlation.  Low anxiety is correlated with higher test scores.  How is anxiety a causality unless the researchers did something to cause anxiety?
I guess I don't understand why the answer is a IV-DV unless the researchers did something to create anxiety.
"The answer is something like this: 
284 
7347 
96127 
52327 
8327491 
46743182
 284  7347  96127  52327  8327491  46743182 Answer box 4 probably won't work because there was some sort of glitch but hopefully we'll be able to find the answer"
I put correlational study and positively correlated. 
What should be here?
I thought the right answer here is dependence. But it is not. Can sb help me out?
What is physical dependence?
Why not hallucinations?
I thought a person could die from withdrawal symptoms from heroin also.  
it would be interesting to see the experiment results if upon getting a controlled clinical trial.  
Very interesting.  The potential for MDMA to help with aspergers is very interesting.  However I am wondering what it would do to the serotonin in the brain?
The answer is supposed to be frontal lobe, but the grader is not accepting it.
This is a correlational study with a positive direction.
"Lesson 1 problem  QUIZ4 In what area ... IO is applied my answer was ""many"" and it's not correct and just after the video say all answer right."
our brain have the most neurons at around age?
"I can't find the link but I have seen one of the rhesus monkey experiments where a baby monkey has a mother where the mother would have some pain stimulus that it would randomly assign onto the monkey at times.  The expected outcome was that the monkey would stay away from the mother because of the negative punishment response.  But this created the most dependent of monkeys, who clung even tighter to the mother.  So I guess in some cases I would disagree with the statement that punishment always turns into less of some action.   Another study I have heard of was also with monkeys.  There were some puzzles put in the monkeys cages.  But no positive thing had been put in there yet to encourage the monkeys to try out the puzzles.  Yet the monkeys played with the puzzles anyway and actually got surprisingly good at it.  Then they did a study where they compared monkey who had a reward for completing the task and a group where no reward was offered.  The ones without the incentive performed better at the experiment.
When this study came out at the time it was very controversial to psychology and then later got dropped for a while.  But the overall idea is that there is a third drive besides reward and punishment.    It makes sense that animals and people would enjoy learning for the sake of learning because when we learn something new our brain rewards us with dopamine.  So there need be no outer reward.  This makes sense from an evolutionary perspective because the animal that succeeds in learning and adopting will survive better"
No answer for the second blank is working.
Great course. Loved every minute of it. Looking forward to more classes. Thanks you all again!
"In his newest book, ""Mastery"" Robert Greene, authors of best-seller ""48 rules of power"" and ""the Art of Seduction"" discusses what make the most creative people in history tick.  He argues that the creative mind consists of two main characters: the playful child and the serious adult. The former curiously and audaciously explore new ideas and new ways of connecting the dots. The later diligently and compassionately execute the complete work. In his visit at Googleplex, he shares from the chapter 5 of Mastery the strategies to fuse the child and the adult into one creative mind that everyone can achieve. I find many psychological concepts and research in his talk at Google.  his visit at Googleplex Though, one should be careful about his outlook on life, especially social life. I have read many of his books and find them extremely pragmatic, if not pessimistic about human nature. Just like Freud, read him, but not listen to him. Let your inner voice challenges their views. Don't absorb them unconsciously! I highly warn you about that. If you use them critically, you will find them very informative."
What is MSG? 
"Hi,  My grocery list mnumeric is: Milk Viitaminated Burguer: 
bread with flour + cheese + tomatoe+egg with soda 
and ice cream.   The best burgues of Mc Donalds"
isn't her way of solving a kind of problem-focused way?
"alarm stage is where cortisol starts to release right? 
resistance stage is where cortisol continues to release right? 
exhaustion stage is where immune system finally compromises right?
then why I got the answers 312 wrong?   "
I think emotional disclosure also works for this one since Hao talked about his stress
will i get the certificate, if I take the online course and complete all the requirements
My eels choose to fly sloppy in violin beds
Still not clear on the diff. between the two? 
thank you for helping me realize that
"Mnemonic Device:
Interesting Facts Bring Various Memories about a SECT
All capital letters are the first letters of each word in the list  "
I still think it is not the birth order that affects the children' s personality... At least in China, the first born child tended to be cared more by their parents and the other are tended to be ignored more... it's the matter of parents' attention, not only birth order
Sorry for my question...but I was just curious about this regarding the news sometimes I'ved watch  that most of the killer or suspect of the murder  using marijuana or shabu...
Is there cure for narcolepsy?
I think that by hearing what others say. And even the sound of animals (dogs barking, cats meowing, etc...) a child learns to speak
Serendipity does not have an equivalent word in spanish
"Tip: 
sentence phase is written here as ""sentence phrase"" (error?) "
I really enjoyed this course,I wish next time they  also provide course in Psychology with intermediate and advance level ,I want to learn more in Psychology I really love it.Thank you so much Udacity!
I'm a O41-C58-E86-A44-N27 Big Five!! I'm a O41-C58-E86-A44-N27 Big Five!!
"I heard that there are some scholars proposing the existence of an ""spiritual intelligence"" (whatever belief) . I see that in this lesson that role seems to fit in the ""intrapersonal intelligence"""
Sometimes, humans choose to do something repeatedly despite the fact that they have a negative reinforcement history in operant conditioning. For example, a fair student may choose to not cheat in an exam even though her classmates may repeatedly cheat and perform better than her. Ethics seem to be playing an important role here.  I believe that some of the animals too are capable of following ethics - sometimes dogs and other pets are seen to protect their caregivers at the cost of their own life. Can we scientifically explain this exception to the learning theory? Also, why is it that some people tend to be more 'ethical' than others (in the sense of having greater resistance to bad behaviour that actually has positive awards)?
Excellent idea! 
"Questions 5, 6 and 7 had the same question and three responses, but each question had a different ""correct"" response. I'm pretty sure the intent was to have different conclusions as to why Jared is depressed, but the diagnoses was identical in all three but the 
""correct"" branch of psychology was different. "
How do I choose an answer when there is no way to enter it in?
The question about 'what questions a cognitive psychologist would ask' stumped me pretty good because I work a lot with dogs and through behavioral modification can get them to do a lot of things - like salivating if I do something. The dog salivating, I thought, would be a behavioral because it is a behavior that can be manipulated, removed, etc from a dog with the right techniques. Isn't cognitive more about how people learn, perceive, react, etc to their surroundings?
The parrot and parakeet are two bird species if they are taught to speak the human language and words that get even a short sentence.
I think that people are behavior learners.  Because many behaviors seem to be learned.  But I also think that Chomsky is also correct.   Language and communication share fundamental similarities across the world.  So I think it works like this: In our brains we have an inherent idea of certain things, and if a parent strays too far away from this model, a child will know something is wrong.  They still may be unable to become completely healthy and functional adults, but they have that potential in them.  Like the model is there in all people, but if the person is too damaged in some way in some behavioral related way they will still not become their full potential.   Or at least it will become harder.
One of the options in the questionis sample size is too small. What do you mean by 'too small'? What is a sufficiently large sample size?
this is not simply a small request that required by the researchers, the petition signed by homeowners have gave the owners some cues about what they should do to the sign
Is their something wrong with the grader?
Question asks for highest frequency, not highest pitch.
"So yep as everyone has guessed or found out, that #4 is wrong in the grader...
Fortunately, I like to solve puzzles lol (hence the name)
the answer is:
572327
Yay, where's my cookie?    572327 "
How does one determine what the value of the standard deviation is?
This question (lesson 2 number 17) is both inconsistent with the teaching of the lesson (sample size) and inconsistent with some of the errors present within the scenario.  Can this please be corrected?
The researchers here merely divided the subjects into groups, and didn't choose the subjects randomly and induce anxiety to them. It is possible that both the anxiety AND the test performance both caused by something else, e.g. younger subjects tend to be BOTH more anxious and do worse on the test. Thus revealing a correlation and not causation. Is this correct?
"from Wiki
In the mental health field, schizophasia, commonly referred to as word salad, is confused, and often repetitious, language that is symptomatic of various mental illnesses.
It is usually associated with a manic presentation and other symptoms of serious mental illnesses, such as psychosis, including schizophrenia. It is characterized by an apparently confused usage of words with no apparent meaning or relationship attached to them. In this context, it is considered to be a symptom of a formal thought disorder. In some cases schizophasia can be a sign of asymptomatic schizophrenia; e.g. the question ""Why do people believe in God?"" could elicit a response consisting of a series of words commonly associated with religion or prayer but strung together with no regard to language rules.
Schizophasia should be contrasted with another symptom of cognitive disruption and cognitive slippage involving certain idiosyncratic arrangements of words. With this symptom, the language may or may not be grammatically correct depending on the severity of the disease and the particular mechanisms which have been impacted by the disease.
The American diagnostic codes, from the DSM-IV, do not specifically code for this disorder although they include it as a symptom under the diagnosis of schizophrenia.  schizophasia word salad   "
TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST
Dr. Datsyuk... Dr. Zetterberg....? Really? Oh, well, it keeps the questions fun.
It was mentioned that the story was told by the participant family members so I believe that the emotional relationship is the reason for the false memory. 
Information in your long term memory can be replaced with similar information . Famous example is learning French after Spanish or the other way around. 
Since this intelligence that Gardner points out seems to have something to do with people's career choices, then if a person changes careers, would their intelligence according to Gardner change as well?  Since different skills would get developed over time?
"I did participate in this quiz.  For anyone who may want to, what I did was listen to one of the series of numbers.  When she was done.  I paused the video and wrote down the number from memory.  And did this with all the numbers.
There is no way my working memory can store 6 series of numbers at one time sadly.  I wish.
But still I do think these tests do add a little fun into the lessons, and I think they are fine.    "
I had a manager once who was an extremely positive person and made everyone feel very valued and important and everyone in the whole place was always excited to come to work each day.  
Am an amateur in psychology, but one thing did confuse me in the The action potential unit which discusses the movement of sodium ion  and potassium for signalling, are they moving to axion or membrane ? 
TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST TEST
"http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/article/2013/06/25/emotions-facial-expressions-not-related/2/  http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/article/2013/06/25/emotions-facial-expressions-not-related/2/ ""Barrett recently decided to take on Ekmans ideas directly, by sending a small research team to visit the isolated Himba tribe in Namibia, in southern Africa. The plan was this: The team, led by Maria Gendron, would do a study similar to Ekmans original cross-cultural one, but without providing any of the special words or context-heavy stories that Ekman had used to guide his subjects answers. Barretts researchers would simply hand a jumbled pile of different expressions (happy, sad, fearful, angry, disgusted, and neutral) to their subjects, and would ask them to sort them into six piles. If emotional expressions are indeed universal, they reasoned, then the Himba would put all low-browed, tight-lipped expressions into an anger pile, all wrinkled-nose faces into a disgust pile, and so on.
It didnt happen that way. The Himba sorted some of the faces in ways that aligned with Ekmans theory: smiling faces went into one pile, wide-eyed fearful faces went into another, and affectless faces went mostly into a third. But in the other three piles, the Himba mixed up angry scowls, disgusted grimaces, and sad frowns. Without any suggestive context, of the kind that Ekman had originally provided, they simply didnt recognize the differences that leap out so naturally to Westerners."" "
it's kind of funny to me that she said don't worry if you get it wrong at the end.  It was like she was giving a coping mechanism to the quiz so that people would get less stressed when taking the quiz on stress.  
when I was in school I would get very overwhelmed by stress.  But now whenever I feel like something stressful is happening I take the issue one step at a time, and do the part of it I can handle first and then break down what I would have to do to get the other parts done and make a plan on when and how to do that.   Having a plan for what to do when something stressful happens is very valuable and has made a huge difference for me. 
At what age (or other set of  objective criteria) can we assume that someone may be competent to give informed consent? That is, that a proposed experiment won't be automatically rejected? What criteria might there be for assuming the converse - that is, someone definitely cannot give informed consent? Would the criteria differ depending on the experiment's details? What powers do parents and guardians have, not just in a legal sense in a particular jurisdiction, but in a universal ethical sense?
"In an ""all nurture"" world, I would expect to find strong similarities in personality in genetically close relatives reared together, but not ONLY in that case.  More generally, the use of the word ""only"" in three of the four answer options seems to conflict with the checkbox (as opposed to radio button) question format."
"Cooing  - Babbling - One word - Two word - Grammatical sentences ps: Missed the ""word bank"" here."
Where is the certificate??????? i can't find it and it's not tell me my rates from final exams!
I believe I get my answer right but the system told me it was wrong
If a construct is something subjective, then in this list, only social intelligence is a construct and all the others are measurable objectively. What am I missing?
"I think the total number of neurons in the human brain is 100 billion not 10 billion as Lauren said, I've read it in a book and this website 1 says so.
I just wanna help making those courses perfect :) 1 "
well when you grow up around your family, you are still in your own world.   You make your own impressions about the world which are highly personal.  
so then extroverts have a higher risk behavior?
My father never liked social norms, or to do something because it was what people are supposed to do.   One example of that is that I never had a Christmas tree growing up in our house and knew very little about Santa.  And it was always interesting to learn that other people around me grew up with much different experiences regarding holidays and other things as well.  In a way I became even more intrigued with social norms as I saw them more from an outsider experience.  
"pretty disturbing study in its implications on people.  The 400 range implies that 65% of people would willingly kill another person if someone who appeared to be an authority figure told them to do so.  One thing though is that this study only tests for how willing a person would inflict pain on a stranger.  However I imagine if the person recognized the learner as family or friends then the results would be completely different.  Because people care much more for people who they recognize as family or friends then strangers.
Also interesting that there is no difference between sexes.   "
I don't know how you would have a study on something without using deception.  If someone knows what a study is about, it seems like it would alter the results.  
yes I think this study would be okay ethically.  But it is a close one.  
well from earlier lessons it is shown that when someone develops a long term memory it actually makes our brain change, and so it is hard to shake a long term memory once it is formed.  So if a person were to use situation attribution to account for a bad score, in a way saves a person from believing there is something wrong with them.  As once a person does start to think that, it is more likely to have a long term outcome...like maybe the person won't try as hard next time because they will already tend to believe they aren't very good and that it is no use.   But if you do well on a test and think hey I am really great at this, rather than say think, wow udacity is really good at teaching lessons so I understand them say..(just for an example).,, The positive side effect of believing in one's abilities may outweigh the tendency to be completely honest.  Which may have the positive outcome of making someone think...hey I was smart that one time, I must be really smart and it is worthwhile that I study really hard so I can continue being smart.   So in both cases people are lying to themselves, but it has a positive outcome in the long run.  
As a game designer, this course is a major addition to my knowledge and tools.
"I gave ""Dragons"" as the answer. It said I was correct. I'm pretty sure that's not correct. Is there really a point to this type of question if there is no way for the computer to tell if the answer is reasonably correct or not?"
why r they given 15 min n 5 min n sample size is small obviously 
I wonder if people who have never seen tv would score with less bias between races?  Also it makes me think of the barbie test where little children were asked which barbies were the prettiest and they almost all said the white one.  And they had other words of association.  But it clearly showed favor of the white barbie.  Any ideas why that could be?
"This is not Phobophobia as in fear of phobias; but i am dead scared of getting scared. It started, i think, when i experienced my first ""jumper"" video. Since then i cannot watch anything scary, not even remotely scary. Even in game of thrones that nothing SCARY is jumping at you and you see things i have to look away when there is the suspension. note that im not scared of scary/distorted faces or sudden sounds, but the ""sudden"" combination of those too. I am scared of being scared by surprise so much that sometimes it spoils my sense of exploration in video games or websites especially. and i know some people find getting scared funny! so anyone else out there like me?"
I do really like the psych audacity though.  It is appealing.  
I have had a lot instances where a caller will call and ask for something that is really high and unreasonable and then after I say no then they will ask for the more reasonable amount.  I worked for a while selling Cutco knives and they instructed us to always start with the most expensive set and then follow with the average set afterwards.  Otherwise if the person asked for 15$ from the start you'd be thinking, oh that's still quite a lot for me.  But maybe after hearing the really large number it wouldn't seem like quite so much.
I have passed by cars thinking someone has probably already helped them.  Also my dad's car has broken down in the middle of nowhere before and he did not get anyone helping him till a few hours later.  
interesting..  you said the parts of our brain associated with emotional pain.  Does that mean emotional pain is in a different place then physical pain.  Or maybe there is more than one way people feel emotional pain?
it reminds me of something I read in the book Botany of Desire.  The writer said a flower that is more beautiful, is probably more healthy because once it has taken care of all the other aspects of living it has that extra energy for its shade of color.  More energy to put into the brilliant color hues, means they have more to spare.  Likewise with humans, you can say someone who is beautiful is less likely to have some kind of problems.  Also people are also often attracted to people who dress trendy or affluently, aka have money.  People generally spend a lot of money on themselves if they have extra.  
could be that there is something in modern life that causes this disorder while baby is in utero, or something that affects the gametes of men and women.  Or perhaps we know more about the disease now and are better at finding it.
what is the answer i have tried everything
Why not behavioural psychology? Isn't the way introverts and extroverts act in a certain situation part of their individual behaviour?
So when I was in seventh grade I suffered from ADHD and my doctor prescribed me a dose of methamphetamines not amphetamines and I am wondering whether or not there is such a difference for when it creates a change for concentration?
Anybody have any good suggestions for books related to the subject that I could find at my local library? I'm really fascinated with what I've seen thus far in the course... I want to read more.
I wonder is panic attacks are due to increased anxiety in general.  People get panic attacks because in general their sympathetic nervous system is being used in a long term sense.  And this could be one of the side effects.
I remember fears I used to have, but don't have anymore.  When I was a small child I reached out to touch an earwig and my parents warned me that they have a stinger but I touched it anyway.  It pinched me and for years I was afraid of earwigs.  Also I was really shy as a child and afraid of social situations.  Both fears are now gone though.  I don't know of any other phobias I have now.  Sometimes when hiking I calculate the chances of an encounter with a bear and get a little scared from that.
I was wondering why women have depression twice as often as men and found Psychology Today has a good article on it if anyone is interested.  http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/hide-and-seek/201205/the-7-reasons-why-depression-is-more-common-in-women http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/hide-and-seek/201205/the-7-reasons-why-depression-is-more-common-in-women I think the main reasons that caught my notice is women have more fluctuating emotions.  Men tend to handle issues with aggression while women tend to internalize issues and become more emotional.  Also men are less likely to talk about their depression and seek help, so less men who have depression may get reported.  
This was a highly enjoyable class and I also learned a lot.  :)  Fantastic job.  
not *irrational
I'm trying to do the reaction time test, but no button appears anywhere. I'm using Mozilla Firefox and Windows 7. Any clues? Thanks in advance!
Last year i got very sick (pharingitis) while preparing to give a speech in a distant city. 
hola este curso tiene algun costo o es gratis, lo puede hacer cualquiera, no importa el pais? 
"bv-fist-emc As I'm from Mexico,  I use spanish to rememeber this, in spanish I get the next sentence ""bebe mi puo de energia"" (in englist ""drink my fist of energy"") ""bebe"" leads me to bv
""mi puo"" leads me to fist
""de energa"" leads me to  emc (from einstein's formula e=mc^2)   Now, you know that I'm not just Mexican, I'm a little nerdy too =P Regards."
I want to know what does vegetative state means? as well lucid dreaming?
I think that in the first portion of the graph, the components that may be present are -NS(Neutral Stimulus) and US since NS can't be modified to CS unless after many trials have been done.
"How can animal's personality traits be assessed ? Would anyone have an example of how to assess the agreableness of a guppy for instance ?
Links to research papers on this topic would be appreciated :)
Thanks !   PS : What about the personality of invertebrates, or even bacteria ? Where would you put the limit for organisms-with-personality (if there is one) ?"
I've been in the situation Dr. S described, and if you are trying to communicate, it's very frustrating. However, if you don't have to speak to anyone, it's very liberating. You are almost incapable of caring about what other people are saying.  
I would like to know the answer for the above question because animals, to my knowledge, can do a lot more than we can actually think. Like the video itself talks about rats, dolphins, etc. I've heard dogs can sense earthquakes and ghosts (if the exist). So why not? They are living beings too!
when will the final exam be posted so we could complete the course?
"Hi I warning you that I', from Mexico then I guess the words will be very rare to you (or not if you know some spanish)... One of my sons used to say something like ""bugalingala"" that it's a very complicated union of sounds even in spanish, what she wanted to say was ""bugambilia"" that is a flower's name, I have to say that my daugther starts to speak very soon.  My son also did things like this, for example he used to say ""popope"" meaning ""zapato"" (shoe in english) or  ""jayana""  for ""naranja"" (orange in english). I have to say that this is a very funny step, I really enjoy it. Regards. Miguel."
"There are professionals in every income bracket. Describing a family as a ""welfare family"" is much closer to being an insult than describing someone's family as poor, or low income.  ( Although all the families in the study may have been on welfare. ) Using plain words instead of euphemisms would be a better choice."
Since our brain is different from neanderthals. I would like to ask if there is some evidence that our brain has changed from those of first homo sapiens? I mean, has it been possible to identify some kind of minor evolution in the brain of homo sapiens, compared to those of 200 k years ago? Thanks for your attention
"Hello,
I've been taught personally, that in psychology, we can NEVER say 'this caused this'. The word 'cause' isn't allowed to be mentioned. But then, I've come across the research methods lesson, and just wanted to clarify whether this lesson is just laid out like this so it is simple for beginners to understand, or whether this is true information. 
Thank you.  "
I mean, we have billions of cells and so, billions of genes. And therefore, each gene would have its own function. Now, how can a single gene be responsible for the color of the whole body? Thanks, in advance. 
"""When you are disgusted, or angry, there's no way for you to be sexually aroused.""  I disagree completely. "
1)Why aren't we considering the metabolism rate of the two sexes as a factor ? If metabolism rate is factor to be concerned doesnt that mean inorder to be Bias there should equal number of women and men in the two groups rather than having unequal distribution which may or may not affect the experiment ?
I was receiving transcript in the lessons of psychology but now when take the lesson about consciousness no have transcript then y can't take notes. Please I would like to have transcript again.
"Hi,
Is it possible to get any certificate at the end of this course - after having completed all the problem sets and practice exams - when I am only taking the free online course ?
Thank you very much for your answer !   Lena"
Hi, I`m sorry, but this has been the hardest problem set in all course. It is not difficult, but since the software only accepts a exactly constructed response, it can be difficult to pass it, even if you know the correct answer, and that can be a bit frustrating.
"Well, when i visit the US sometimes i feel i can be discriminated at any moment (i am hispanic) but it has not happened. So I think i also have a stereotype of what happens in the US to hispanics. In part because of what is shown  in the media. We humans tend to generalize and probably a ""stereotype"" has a lot in common with labeling and generalization."
I answered no in both cases. But in real life i have given a moderate amount DEPENDING on who was asking for help. Maybe this variable was not taken into account. Thanks..... DEPENDING
feminine vs masculine can be very subjective. Anatomical is more definite
Does the orders via spreadshirt does not ship to India? spreadshirt
In lesson 06 - side effects of stimulants, Lauren stated that people can actually died in the very first time when they use methampetamine or cocaine. I've heard a case about that, is there anyone can explain about it?
What if one grew up in a small village populated by their extended family?  What if one doesn't live in the same household for extended periods of time?
"There are many a times I have seen that when you tell a person, ""Look this is a vegan dish, you want to taste it?"" The other person might reply saying, ""Sure, why not?"", then they say, ""Umm, it is so tasty."" And after he/she eats, the person reveals, ""What you ate was beef/chicken/mutton/whatever"" And the other person is like, ""WHAT? YUKKK"" and pukes or pretends to puke or feels disgusted. Even I would feel the same I guess if someone fooled me into eating beef because my religion doesn't permit. So why does this happen? What's the psychology behind such a fluctuating attitude towards food despite liking it first then hating it?"
Thank you! This has been a wonderful experience...
HI Recently the PISA Test results were presented, and in my country  (Colombia) was some debate about the poor results obtained. Now that I saw this lesson, it comes to my mind if the PISA test is based on this theory, since I believe that the test tries to measure aspects in math and language. Am I right? Thanks for your answer.
It has been a marvellous course that I've enjoyed incredibly. Thank you so much!
where is the english subtitle this lecture
Wouldn't the physical ability of each persons vision  (20/20 vs 20/80) be a factor and what about their skills as say a goaltender who trains to react quicker. What if 3-5 of those fell into the caffeine group?  Don't you need a more standardized group of participants?
can u provide the entire class as PDF?
Half way through the video, she changes cloths, not even kiddin'
Hi I thought that it would be more interesting if the lesson showed some commercial applications of the research, in some succes (or failure )cases. Does anyone know some cases?
I don't know if I am alone when I say this, but I am really not grasping this concept so well.
Why is it that some people remember letters better than numbers, surely they're just symbols, right? 
"Hey, I have tried to type multiple things into this submission, using factual keywords like hippocampi, hommocampus, long term memory, etc. Nothing works! I even resorted to copying word by work, what was said in the video discussing H.M, and not even that passes the submission, architect error? For reference, I have provided this string to the submission: ""His hippocampi was removed. He could no longer form long term memories. He would forget what he had for breakfast that day. He could solve a cross word puzzle, but if he was inturrpted he would have forgotten"" If anyone has passed this, please tell me what you did, I've practically memorized the videos of that sub topic. Thanks"
"Is this course really free, I'm retired but would like to keep my brain from slowing down too much
Thank you
Hermina   "
"Hello,
I want to know the answer to my question. Please help me out.
Question is: what is the last major part of brain to evolve is?   Waiting for the reply.
Thanks in Advance! "
i have passed the final exam in introduction to psychology. how do i get my certificate?
How come some references said that cognitive decline occurs at age of 45? Thank you.
Hi. I left this 10 minutes video that helped me to understand better the heuristic concept and types.  I hope be useful for someone else. http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/heuristics.html#lesson http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/heuristics.html#lesson Regards.
"Hi! :B 

Do you think there is an actual human nature? Or the only thing we share is instincts? I define human nature as the intrinsic thing in all humans (not necessarily equal in all) that is unable to change and somehow influences in our actions; of course other definitions are welcomed :)


Do you think people can change? Like old habits or thoughts, do they really disappear or they are latent? 

 
Do you think there is an actual human nature? Or the only thing we share is instincts? I define human nature as the intrinsic thing in all humans (not necessarily equal in all) that is unable to change and somehow influences in our actions; of course other definitions are welcomed :)
 Do you think there is an actual human nature? Or the only thing we share is instincts? I define human nature as the intrinsic thing in all humans (not necessarily equal in all) that is unable to change and somehow influences in our actions; of course other definitions are welcomed :) 
Do you think people can change? Like old habits or thoughts, do they really disappear or they are latent? 
 Do you think people can change? Like old habits or thoughts, do they really disappear or they are latent? "
"We do we say nerve cells in the central nervous system?
I thought that nerve cells are in the peripheral nervous system and have the responsibility of sending sensory information to the brain and spinal cords and then to motor neurons "
I'm really confused on how the answer include the fourth choice. May someone please explain? (If anyone is having trouble, the answer is the first four choices. )
"I completed this course in November and I made a file of course note with roughly 10000 words.
This is like an outline and might be incomplete
Anyone interested in it?   pdf file in dropbox pdf file in dropbox"
"hi 
am interested in child and behavioural psychology and psychometric assessment of children.
how udasity will be helpful for this.  "
I got this question wrong. Door on the face gets accepted but from the video it shows Foot in the door. Admins and mods, can you please clarify?
I can't find answers. will you have good methods to solve it?

i want to download videos from PS001 and ST095 but both does not have complete course video for me
In the case of severe trauma, especially among young and developing minds, is it the systems that become altered or is it certain actions with in those systems that can become altered?  
"Hi there, I already got critizised and was taken a point by someone but here I have to tell you again, why it doesn't make sense to talk heridity in connection with shared or non-shared environment: The assumption of traits is based on the ignorance to the fact that relevant factors of the environment  often do not vary. But this doesn't mean there is no factor. an example: phenylketonuria. It's a genetic mutation. And people thought, when you have it, you're mentally retarded. But it turns out that mental retardation doesn't occur when a usual factor of the environment -phenylalanine in your food- is avoided.
Secondly: the assumption of independence is false and leads to wrong conclusions: It's not just possible that environment and genetics interact, they can also co-vary.
interaction: If an event is the result of the joint operation of a number of causative chains and if these causes interact in any generally accepted meaning of the word, it becomes conceptually impossible to assign quantitative values to the causes of that individual event. Only if the causes are utterly independent could we do so. For example if two men lay bricks to build a wall, we may quite fairly measure their contributions by counting the number laid by each; but if one mixes the mortar and the other lays the bricks, it would be absurd to measure their relative quantitative contributions by measuring the volumes of bricks and of mortar. It is obviously even more absurd to ascribe so many inches of a man's height to his genes and so many to his environment.-richard lewontin 1974-.   covariation: the view people have on schizophrenia is that there is a genetic disposition and an environmental factor that triggers the disease. But there's also something else: if you are poor it is more likely to express the genetic disposition. And if you have the genetic disposition it is also more likely you become poor. And by the way: correlation is not causation. With heridity you know how much of the variance is in accordance -correlates- with any given factor you want to choose and you attribute the rest of variance to other possible causes. But correlation is neither necessity-not everything is linearly linked- nor  sufficient-there does not need to be a causal link even though the correlation is very high. In short: heridity never takes interactions nor covariation with the environment into account.
Lyubomirsky et al. also didn't seem to care as they published what determined happiness in 2005. They said: it's a setpoint-50-, intentional activity-40- and circumstances-10-. Together that's a 100 percent right, but what does it tell you. not anything about the causal link to genes.   We must begin to get beyond the ludicrous idea that our genes directly control our behaviors,our mental capacities and stated, or our aesthetic preferences, because they cannot; this idea is utter pseudo-scientific nonsense-D.S.Moore2001.The dependent gene-p.209-"
"Hi There ,
i Actually want to report a problem that i can't see the video Tutorials !
Kindly Help me by solving the issue 
Thanks    "
In lesson 2  in objective vs subjective question I would like to ask why the data given by students were taken as subjective.since these data are measurable in hours and are specific unlike our feelings
"I have to admit, I'm torn between these two schools of thought. On the one hand, I lean more towards Skinner than Chomsky because it makes more sense how a child who is exposed to more language and talk (especially of the encouraging kind) can have a greater grasp of the language than one who doesn't. On the other hand, I kind of agree with Chomsky's ""it just happens"" belief. Language is a natural thing and it would have to happen. After all, we were created with vocal cords. Maybe there's a happy medium between the two... at least, I hope so."
Would other factors not effect the happiness of her co-workers? Different groups again? Like... Some people are just more happy than others.
Hi. I just wanto to leave this link to a ted video talking about stress. http://www.ted.com/talks/kelly_mcgonigal_how_to_make_stress_your_friend.html http://www.ted.com/talks/kelly_mcgonigal_how_to_make_stress_your_friend.html I guess this fits perfectly with the lesson, I have to say that I got a little shocked when I saw the video, I realize (again) that the mind is a very nice two edges knife. Terrific in both sides, isn't it? I hope you enjoy the video as I did. Regards.
"I wrote an answer, the answer came back as ""correct""... how could the computer evaluate that so quickly? I DIDN'T use the key works suggested, but did write something I believe is right..."
Thank you for this great course.
Hi, I`m sorry for postin this. I recently finished the course, and now I presented the final exam and practice, but there is no option to the certificate. What is happening? I achieved the 80% condition, but I dont see the option. Can somebody please help me out? Thanks Csar
How to master our habbit to becoming usefull person? Especially to people that have bad attitude in daily.... please give a solution. 
"I mean is that what I'm supposed to understand from the timeline  , and that those chimps will become humans someday , or is it simply that we were once apes?
if so , i just wanna know , why there are still chimps  and why they aren't extinct , and what caused their delayed ""evolution"" , i want some observable science here , no theories please , don't tell me Darwin said or Mother Chimp said. "
"what's the point of telling someone to do a quiz that's answer is Case and Character sensitive if you don't tell them before they take it??
I've tried answering correctly with caps no caps, periods, no periods. whatever the answers are, they are wrong, even though when i view the answers, it confirms i had the right answers. "
"I was ""right"" (despite the fact that I was asked for my opinion and first it was wrong) only when I clicked ""sometimes"" and then was told by the answer video that the correct answer was ""yes""..."
"Why isn't the third option ""first half of participates show up get caffeine and the second half do not"" a random assignment?
It can also make sure the two groups have the same number of people, isn't it? "
Why does race sometimes play a role in someone's social status? Why do people with Asperger's have interests that take up all of their focus?
"I felt that when Lauren consulted the tide charts in this example, and changed the time of her scuba dive, she was really solving the problem, which was to do with the duration of the dive, not the tides itself. The lesson seems to not see it that way, and says she used emotion focused coping; why is this?"
cant submit, please help!
I believe that being a psychologists helps you do all of the mentioned items. Being a psychologist helps you study human behavior so you can pretty much get into any field dealing with any kind of people
The answer to this question is ungrammatical.
pl could i get help i know my answers are correct
Is there a system problem?
What are the cost of having bigger brain
There is no sound for this video . Anyone else experiencing this problem
"Hi,
I am new to this Class. I know this Course is a free ware, But My question is, To get certification, Do I need to pay Money or the certification is Free one  "
Need to know if the text of these lessons are downloadable.
"I am actually curious about how killers think .Because I read an article last week about a serial killer , and I wondered how  could anyone enjoy the pain and the death of others ? 
Why they react differently ? Where's the pleasure in watching someone dying or suffering ?   "
nicely done, concise: not just the usual...ther's the id, the......
I am totally unable to understand my progress on this course. Can someone help me give direction on this?
Hi. I am sure the answer I'm giving is the correct one, but I'm told that it is not. I don't know what or where else to put my answer. I'm in the psychology course. Thank you.
Dear Susan, I don't remember ever talking or hearing somebody talk in my dreams. I could not really respond to this question, therefore.
"During the history, a lot of theories were formulated about the criminal behaviour. Cesare Lombroso, one of the most famous pioneers of the criminology, came with the concept of atavism, the theory of the delinquent man. He said that criminals are distinguished from noncriminals by multiple physical anomalies. He postulated that criminals represented a reversion to a primitive or subhuman type of man characterized by physical features reminiscent of apes, lower primates, and early man and to some extent preserved, he said, in modern ""savages"". The behavior of these biological ""throwbacks"" will inevitably be contrary to the rules and expectations of modern civilized society. Through years of postmortem examinations and anthropometric studies of criminals, the insane, and normal individuals, Lombroso became convinced that the ""born criminal"" (reo nato, a term given by Ferri) could be anatomically identified by such items as a sloping forehead, ears of unusual size, asymmetry of the face, prognathism, excessive length of arms, asymmetry of the cranium, and other ""physical stigmata"". Specific criminals, such as thieves, rapists, and murderers, could be distinguished by specific characteristics, he believed. Lombroso also maintained that criminals had less sensibility to pain and touch; more acute sight; a lack of moral sense, including an absence of remorse; more vanity, impulsiveness, vindictiveness, and cruelty; and other manifestations, such as a special criminal argot and the excessive use of tattooing. Besides the ""born criminal"", Lombroso also described ""criminaloids"", or occasional criminals, criminals by passion, moral imbeciles, and criminal epileptics. He recognized the diminished role of organic factors in many habitual offenders and referred to the delicate balance between predisposing factors (organic, genetic) and precipitating factors such as one's environment, opportunity, or poverty. I thought it it be great to share this information with you, for the ones who are interested! Have a nice day!"
Why is Neuroticism the only trait that is scored in the opposite direction from the others? The other four all have positive names at the high scoring end, and negative at the low scoring end (well, except for Extraversion. I'd argue that Introversion is not inherently negative or lacking in positive value, making that one more of a slider on a continuum of two equally valuable traits. But I digress...) Should it not be called Emotional Stability instead?
Doesn't 10dB cincrease indicate a 10x increase as opposed to a 2x increase as indicated?
Hi, I'm 25 years old,  a student of psychology at the university in Jakarta, Indonesia. I love this course, review what I've learned and deepen it, in a more fun way. Thank you I really enjoy it. Hopefully in the future there will be other courses on psychology in udacity such as social psychology, clinical psychology, industrial and organizational psychology, and others.
Can psychology really explain all areas of human behavior and activities.
please add subtitle for each videos, because not every people can listening what the teacher talking about. its very hard to student from other country which english is a second language. i think the videos must have subtitle so we can read it if we are not understood what the teacher said. thanks
I chuckled a couple of times during these videos, they were extremely amusing to me.
Hi! I want to know about psychology more than what u told? tell me about briefly please.
"Is mind the consciousness or different.
if same , then mind is all about consciousness, no chance of peace 
if different , can psychology knows the point where mind and the consciousness are separate  "
Really? Wow...
"Dear Susan, I already noticed in the text (in lessons one or two) that there had to be a Hockey and/or Red Wings fan on your team. Good that I now know who that is: you ! Respect for your outing, high five (;-0 I'm a big Hockey fan myself and even though i support other teams, I can really appreciate the Wings, especially players like Tatat, Datsyuk and Zetterberg. I hope they all do well during the Olympics. Regards, MArcel."
When I started this course (Intro to Psychology) there was an option for downloading the certificate of completion but now after finishing it I can't find it!  I have completed free courses in the past and it gave me a direct link to download the certificate.  I don't know if something is different about the Psychology course compared to the other one but if somebody could let me know what is going on or what to do that would be great!
"Susan,Lauren and Greg...thanks for the course 
And Susan you really inspired me in some ways,I hope I could hear more of your lecture in coming days.. "
C MIST Enveloping Far Beyond Vinyards
It is mix. How is the learning of non-native vs native speakers?
"Hi Udacious Team &amp;  Classmates,
I have justed completed the lesson 4 of the introduction to psychology course. I wanted to share my experience here.  Andy, Lauren, Susan and Udacity Team: You have made this one of the most enjoyed lesson of all my learning experiences. Enjoyment was like watching a show and still with each video, there was some new learnings or some revisiting of the basics those were already learnt. I am looking forward to my further lessons. 
Sense Olympics is awesome indeed!!!!  Cheers,
Sriram "
"This question doesn't make sense to me (maybe because English is only my second language). Is ""disorders"" as verb or a noun in this context? Can somebody rephrase the question please?"
I think because might be a more ice cream consuming means hot climate that usually people swim more than cold climate. 
mi percepcin de la realidad es en 3 dimensiones, veo la accin humana, la accin  espiritual y la accin cientifica. porque?
cant see the video content.
"Milk
Eggs
Cheese
Tomatoes 
Flour
Soda
Ice cream 
Vitamines
Bread        "
Why don't we get to watch all the different tests? I would have liked to.
I believe this is why many teens and adults as well feel either fear or being threatened is self insecurity.  Self esteem is very low and never feel truly identified.
strong textin the Brain script Addendum ,I've read the word ( Basil ganglia ) while studying the Limbic system . strong text shouldn't be the ( Basal ganglia ) instead of (Basil ) .. and Why ? .. this is the link for the Addendum https://docs.google.com/a/knowlabs.com/file/d/0B5XIkMkayHgRQkFaMnhGT2dMOWs/edit?pli=1 https://docs.google.com/a/knowlabs.com/file/d/0B5XIkMkayHgRQkFaMnhGT2dMOWs/edit?pli=1 strong textRegards strong text strong text
"Ten days after the initial registration, I have completed my first online course of 2014 and second in general. This included 16 lesson units, 16 problem sets, a practice exam and a final exam. At the end, I can surely claim that I now have a better knowledge of the science of the thought and behavior.  Thanks to Introduction  to Psychology course... 
Special thanks to Dr. Gregory J. Feist, Dr. Susan Syncerski and Ms. Lauren Castellano and the guest professors for making this course informative and interesting at the same time.  It was a great learning experience..."
I have to add that cultural contexts also play an integral part in getting married.  Sometimes, an introvert guy gets married much earlier than his extrovert counterpart and for the females the same principle applies as well
I'd say 30+ people did not react thinking about the consequences they'd face after narrating the incident to the police. I'm not sure why would any psychologist want to explore why no one reacted.
I am stuck on 17
If a height is repeatedly paired with falling and getting hurt, is there any way to extinguish the fear of heights? Just curious.
what is light called much above or below the frequency of visible light?
why you get sea lion and rat for testing , Is there any special reason
my pad is fine my network is fine, but the video always dont show up. what happend with the video!
Is 'relay neuron' another way of saying 'inter neuron'?
I completed this course but I can't find the certificate for it.
I can't figure this out and I really think that my answers were correct
IO psychology means what?
"Thank you, Lauren, Susan and Greg! Thank you, Lauren, Susan and Greg! You are the most amazing teachers I ever had. I won't say a lot, but I just have to say that this course changed me and my life a lot in a better direction and I have finally made a choice about my future profession!) I wish you the best luck and hope we will meet soon. 
                                                                      Future psychologist, Ana N.) "
I am really disgusted by fallen hair. No logical reason I just am. Anyone else have such a phobia?
"hello
i want to learn with you but i can't speak english well
so i find it difficult to understand your lessons.
please help me . as quick as possible
thanks
Ahmed     "
the answers do not sense. I have tried every formula. 
"""Why Do People _____?""   _ _ Q1. Why do people have the ability to be critical and aware of shortcomings from others', but are not able to see their own issues that cause unnecessary drama and pain? Q2. Why do people feel so strongly about not being lied to but have little to no remorse or second thoughts about telling their own ""white lies"" to others, often multiple times each day?"
Can stress and anxiety have negative related effects on our health? Yes.
how to invite my girl friend to sex with me?
I really feel sleepy after a big meal? Why is this not good for sleep?
Less jus take a mo to preciate dat dey representin tha ghetto, gurl
what is the importance of studying introduction to psychology?
cognition is the first step towards reaction... so why doesnt a cognitive psychologist deal with something like this since the cognition of these people was different which led to calling or not calling the police.
Please is there reading material for this course? 
If you have some type of food when you were younger and had a bad reaction to it(like vomiting) is it possible to have the changes it is talking about in this lesson?
"Capitals are initial letters of each word. (too many ""e""'s though)"
Why do we have to take test's? 
"Here's a pretty cool experiment done to illustrate change blindness:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBPG_OBgTWg  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBPG_OBgTWg"
"First of all what is a gene made up of exactly?
Second, In the video it is said that some methyl groups get attached to certain genes to turn them on or off without changing the sequence, so by that do we mean: a sequence like ATCGGTAGC after tagging changes to A_CG_T_GC
If yes, then will it not contradict with the fact the the DNA is made up of about 3 billion such letters because there are less letters now.  "
"I understand that the heart rate increase is to increase the blood flow rate and thus give our muscles more energy in preparation for fight or flight, but why is it accompanied by ""pupils are dilated"" in each case? What does that achieve and how does it help with survival? "
"The videos repeatedly talk about ""the parasympathetic nervous system is deactivated and the sympathetic is activated"" or vice versa; but is it really a complete on/off like that, or is that a simplification from a gradually lowering impact from one system and a gradually increasing impact from the other? "
Here's a clip from The Office with a funnier version of this experiment: http://www.break.com/video/ugc/the-office-altoid-experiment-1499823 http://www.break.com/video/ugc/the-office-altoid-experiment-1499823
"I recognize all the other ones, but the first one is driving me nuts! Does anybody know what it is? For anyone wondering, the languages are (in order):
???, Polish, Cantonese, Japanese, French, Mandarin, Pig-latin, Spanish, German, and English "
"hi, this course is better, and I want some transcript/certificate after its completion.
The way of input for all the questions is so creative, than other online courses offered.  thanks"
"M(ilk)
C(heese)
F(lour)
I(ice cream)
V(itamins)
E(ggs)
S(oda)
B(read)
T(omatos)'s        "
David Dunning: Self-Insight: Roadblocks and Detours on the Path to Knowing Thyself (Essays in Social Psychology) 
"Hi, So what about the novel subject of Hypnosis?
I expected to see at least one clip about it in the consciousness lesson.  I know that hypnosis is an altered stated of consciousness, but what exactly happens during this phenomena? What are the biological mechanism that occur in the brain which make hypnosis a possibility? Is Hypnosis (still) used therapeutically? Regards P.S. Wonderful material btw ;)"
"What does happen to neurons that controls an addiction. I was just thinking about a possible cure for them and the relationship between addiciton, depression and anxiety. Can a person who isn't able to
consolidate good social relationships change? There are many people on the world who suffers from severe anxiety disorders and to them is each day more considered only the negative aspects of these diseases. The point is that those people can be really creative and they can present amazing resilience, flexibility and motivation because they have to fight to which is considered their flaw. "
Personally I'd describe myself as shy and a little introverted, but I love extreme sports, such as rock climbing, snowboarding, riding motorcycles etc. and from personal experience I would say that I'm not alone in being like this. Wouldn't a desire to undertake these types of activities come more inside the scope of the Openness category?
"Last part of the brain to develop must be frontal lobes or more general the cerebrum, but whatever I type I get a ""try again"". I am completely frustrated now!"
What a beautiful view of a beach with a beautiful professor...... :3
If a student of this class was involved in the war in some way, it would be emotional... poor choice of examples.
Hi, how are you doing mike, are you going to work today.
"i put 1 in the least awareness and wakefulness and 3 at the most.then i put 2,4,5 as you go from left to right horizontally in the other two boxes.can anyone please find my mistake and give the reason.
thanks. "
i mean, in a lesser scale some moment can generate enough fear to get this same kind of reaction, maybe when you're presenting an exam and didn't study, or got caught and they would tell your parents, maybe anotehr kind of situation?... maybe?
How do we start the process of disectiong how a living being works? What is the first thing we are most likely to do when trying to answer the question how does these or this specific brain works?
In experimental study we also determine whether one causes other but not in correlational study then why the question arises to use correlational study over experimental study? 
Well, my opinion is that these are not opposing theories. I think at first the language was a discovery, we needed to talk and so instinctively started talking. But with time, everything influences us, our family, our surroundings, the school ... I conclude that the first type of rudimentary language was discovered, but the current depends on all the circumstances of our life, everything around us
v test bf mc --i e., we test boyfriend whose name is mc
"I've had different MOOCs on other websites such as Coursera &amp; edX. They're quite clear about the opening and closing dates of the courses and whether or not there's going to be a statement of accomplishment for those who successfully finish them. But I couldn't find this kind of information about this course. Would you please let me know about it?"
"

Why do people have different interpretations of the same situation? Something is said at a particular occasion, for instance, and different people can interpret it in quite various ways despite the fact that the words and the occasion are the same for everyone. Why is that?


Why do people have false memories sometimes? What makes a person remember an event in a false way, with confidence though? Is that a disease? Is that a temporary psychological issue?

 
Why do people have different interpretations of the same situation? Something is said at a particular occasion, for instance, and different people can interpret it in quite various ways despite the fact that the words and the occasion are the same for everyone. Why is that?
 Why do people have different interpretations of the same situation? Something is said at a particular occasion, for instance, and different people can interpret it in quite various ways despite the fact that the words and the occasion are the same for everyone. Why is that? different interpretations 
Why do people have false memories sometimes? What makes a person remember an event in a false way, with confidence though? Is that a disease? Is that a temporary psychological issue?
 Why do people have false memories sometimes? What makes a person remember an event in a false way, with confidence though? Is that a disease? Is that a temporary psychological issue? false memories"
The Process is called: Serial position effect
"Not only was Greg left isolated for the past lesson,
When he finally returns you point a gun at him and condition him to further fear and anxiety???
Greg - If you can hear me: Be Strong! Do NOT let go!  "
The reason I chose social psychology was that definitely,the criminal does not want to be arrested so he threatens to do something bad(the most common form of this is taking people hostage)to anyone who calls the police.Since the criminal does not want o be arrested,its a social issue,and therefore is social psychology.
While having all these things to eat, I want you to cite my own fully systematic monitering system created in visual basic!
I usually have problems preforming when it comes to social interaction. I am sincerely terrified of putting myself out there and talking to people. So usually when I meet someone for the first time I am generally freaked out and hyper-aware of all the things I do and their reactions. The longer I spend with someone the less intense I feel. All in all, I am socially awkward until I get to know the person long enough. 
"my areas of curios about human behavior are nature of love
and the of being alone "
"I think psychology help us in 
helping people and undergo psychological exams and behavioral evaluations
in addition to research matters  "
"How long has this been going??
You really messed him up! "
I sense much fear in you.
"The two seem very similar to each other; so similar that it was difficult to pick which one was applicable in the examples that came later. Is there something unique that differentiates a person with Narcissistic PD from one with Histrionic PD?"
"i am really thankful to my teachers,they are truly wonderful in teaching people and making them understand.the best part was that i never got bored. every time when a lot of info was being given it was followed up with a fun learning game or any such thing.i truly appreciate all the people who are related to this udacity team to take up this idea and educate people all around the world. i am glad i found this site to extend my knowledge.
thanks a lot! :) "
There are tree forms of amnesia retrograde amnesia before the accident. kongrade amnesia the time of the accident and anterograde amnesiea after the accident. This is also not correct in the explanation.
The authority in charge, you access criteria on logistics, exigo will not appropriated in this investigation of my contexts and texts, as well as cognition and thinking of my PERSON. Because it would not be correct and would outlaw possession of alien concepts and make them our own without having EXPOSED OR AGREED, an authorization to do so by its Author. IF the information set forth above in this text, was wrong cordially ask you a sincere apology.
Wouldn't mental representation or visualization be a Mind Palace, like the ones seen in Sherlock?
podra ser en espaol? gracias
For what reason do it have to take intro to psych if im studying culinary arts? can someone please give me a reasonable answer...
What is the difference between social support and emotional disclosure. I personally have trouble finding the defining line between the two cause when it seems like I'm doing one, it also seems like I'm doing the other.
Professional families,  Do they have enough time to spend with their children ?
I do disapprove of people posting answers to questions, especially when those were stated in the videos, but this scale seems controversial - and not only to me - and may just result in a waste of time. So, B E F H C D A G.
skin colour wont be in same colour all over body then how come one monogenic gene  manages different colours???
as the title
does someone knows the answer to lesson 2 , problem set 16
I think it is because of how the brain responds to certain situations in which they are comfortable in being such as noisy, crowded areas and spontaneous speaking.
"Hi,
Just wanted to say that I had a similar experience to the one you mentioned with your dad.
I didn't even realize I couldn't recall his voice until you said it yourself :-)
I'm probably in the top 5 percentile of memory &amp; recall, and what's important for me is to remember his behavior and his effect on us a family and on my childhood.
I remember tons of detailed situations and replay them over in my head at will, but I just can't reply his specific voice. 
Funny actually because I can even recall seeing a specific birthday vid of him talking but I don't recall the specific sound. (Very hard to explain but I understand what you meant...)      We sometime blame ourselves for things we have absolutely no control over.
Be happy with the memories you have. I'm sure there is plenty you can take with you.   "
"the answer seems to me to ambiguous
because, psychology belongs to the health cience, and that is a to large description for
 one discipline  "
"Why do some kids more addict to computer games than others?
Why do parents subconsciously favor one child over the other? "
"Alcohol is a drug and I was wondering if coffee can be considered one as well.
Why or why not? "
I was just wondering how technology like TV, radio and internet is effecting the languages and vocabulary of todays children accross all classes. Is it good to leave the children in front of the TV watching Pogo or should we turn on drama or movies. Also in a globle village how does such media effect the understanding of one own culture and language?
I can speak muliple languages Kashmiri, Hindi/Urdu and English. For me the language in my dreams depends on who else is in my dream and what language do they speak. For example if it is English Speaking person I will be speaking and thinking in English. If it is a Kashmir speaking person I will be speakking Kashmiri. I think in general it defaults to Urdu...... but I am not sure now..hmmm..... does this happen to you too?
"I found this site from googling: http://www.audiocheck.net/audiotests_frequencycheckhigh.php http://www.audiocheck.net/audiotests_frequencycheckhigh.php It has an audio file (""The test file"") which goes from 22kHz down to 8kHz, while a voiceover tells you what frequency the sound is at currently. I could start hearing it somewhere between 18kHz and 17kHz, it'd be interesting to know what ranges others here are able to hear. "
"If we keep a foreign TV channel switched on in front of a new born child for a long duration say till 2 years will the child pick up the language on its own. I dont mean to leave the child in front of the television for a 24x7 but for an hour or so per day or something like that. Or even if they dont speak that language would it be easier for them to lean that foreign language in the future.
I have seen children 3 years old picking up an accent watching cartoon channels even though their parents dont have that accent or arent even native speakers.  "
While I understand how having a control group helps to have a baseline, having 2 groups of people having and not having coffee does not really help the study. We are comparing apples to oranges. Instead, if we measure the same group of people before and after they have coffee, then we can reliably say if coffee made a difference on the reaction time.   I would love to hear different viewpoints on this. Thanks. 
social norms are defined as rules of acceptable behaviour that are imposed on us by sociey at large. the definition given here is for cultural norms.
Should we understand that if there ' s  proportionality between th chores and th sexual activities we'll a normal negative or positives degree of relationship??
I'm guessing here, but I believe brain works evaluating every input of each sensor neuron (an we have lots of those) plus the input of each given synapse (way more) plus the delay of some (like the different impulses arriving at different times and speeds from ears and eyes and tactile sensations). And as we have lots of output neurons too (like I am moving my fingers plus my eyes, plus my own thoughts are changing simultaneously), I do multitask. But there's only one conscious line of thought I can follow (even thus we can switch fast between different ones), I can only say 'I am thinking of X right now' so we can only know we are doing one thinking at a time. What do you think?
one reason to motivation of  this course is her , Am I correct?
What have you come up with?
What are the areas that IO psycology is applied?
Does anyone here have a difficulty logging out from the site?
"why there are too many irrelevant content to psychology in this course??
i think most of them are unnecessary and boring. "
"I read somewhere that glial cells are something of a misnomer - based on the once held belief that they play no role beyond that of 'glue'; now we know that's not true. However, based on what Lauren says, it seems like binding together is still one of the functions played by them. Is that correct? "
I was under the impression that ALL axons have Myelin sheaths(because action potentials cannot travel otherwise), and not just some of them as the lecture says. Clarification please?
Have they done a study with adopted children? That is, have they compared natural children and adopted children raised in the same family? 
Considero que inicialmente forma parte de su educacin, desde la infancia, la adolescencia y la juventud. Si convivi con sus padres y hermanos en un grado superlativo, entonces tendr la oportunidad de convivir socialmente sin problemas. En algunas otras ocasiones, puede buscar la tranquilidad de la soledad para encontrar respuestas existencialistas sobre cmo le est afectando actualmente la vida y cmo podra afectarles posteriormente. Suelen ser etapas de reflexin.
Q1 : why do people doing such a deviant behavior? Q2 : why people can do something that previously they thought they couldn't? (mostly when they're forced to do)
"Udacity is ""phasing out"" free certificates (You have until May 16th to finish the course and still get a free certificate), but Prof. David Evans (CS-101 and CS-387) will still grant certificates for CS101 independently (a really nice gesture on his part): ""phasing out"" free certificates You have until May 16th Prof. David Evans CS-101 CS-387 
I would like to applaud Professor Evans (who TBH always struck me as a
really nice guy :) for taking the initiative of obtaining Udacity's
permission to issue instructor-signed certificates once availability
of 'official' ones ends. (See links below.)
I'm not sure how well this news has been disseminated, so I'd like to
encourage cross-posting to the other course fora, and for people to
encourage other instructors to arrange similar informal certification
for their courses.
Stay Udacious folks! ;)
See Prof Evans' recent comment here:
http://blog.udacity.com/2014/04/phasing-out-certificates-of-free16.html
And home page: http://www.cs.virginia.edu/evans/cs101/
- @Birone
 I would like to applaud Professor Evans (who TBH always struck me as a
really nice guy :) for taking the initiative of obtaining Udacity's
permission to issue instructor-signed certificates once availability
of 'official' ones ends. (See links below.)    I'm not sure how well this news has been disseminated, so I'd like to
encourage cross-posting to the other course fora, and for people to
encourage other instructors to arrange similar informal certification
for their courses.    Stay Udacious folks! ;) See Prof Evans' recent comment here:
http://blog.udacity.com/2014/04/phasing-out-certificates-of-free16.html
And home page: http://www.cs.virginia.edu/evans/cs101/  http://blog.udacity.com/2014/04/phasing-out-certificates-of-free16.html  http://www.cs.virginia.edu/evans/cs101/ - @Birone - @Birone - @Birone @Birone Original Thread: Prof Evans takes the lead, offering Instructor-Signed Certificates! Original Thread: Prof Evans takes the lead, offering Instructor-Signed Certificates! ""Phasing out""... Nice euphemism... as good as or better than ""challenging""... but no better than ""enhanced interrogation"", which I have learned recently (pardon my inability to keep up with the hypocrisy of our human civilization)...  ""Phasing out"" ""enhanced interrogation""   Update Eric Haines, instructor for CS-291: Interactive 3D Graphics, Creating Virtual Worlds, has joined Prof. Evans and will be also granting free certificates for his course: The End !! Eric Haines CS-291: Interactive 3D Graphics, Creating Virtual Worlds The End !!"
We can directly achieve the top by Meditation 
I cannot understand how is it correlational and not experimental?
I love the advertisement idea...great way to keep the course interesting!
Thanks is not enough I wish i could send all of you flowers for that great course !!!!!
i can't understand The reason of choose social psychology !
"Everyone, if you all are disappointed by the ""phasing out of free certificates"" as much as I have, please sign this petition to try and stop this. https://www.change.org/petitions/udacity-stop-discontinuation-of-free-certificates-of-course-completion https://www.change.org/petitions/udacity-stop-discontinuation-of-free-certificates-of-course-completion Udacity was a revolutionary idea: free education for all. We could learn about as many things as we liked, free of cost, and get some kind of statement stating this. Being an active supporter of this, I advertised and promoted Udacity as if it were my own company. I encouraged as many people as possible to visit the site and take the courses. The other reason we all strongly connected with Udacity is because it doesn't just focus on the develped nations but also the ""third-world nation"" where such quality education, even via internet, is hard to come by. I was even more impressed when Udacity implemented download links for people with slow internet connections in developing and undeveloped nations that couldn't view the videos online. We all thought, ""Here is a site that actually focuses on the whole world and not just the rich and famous."" How very wrong we were! When we received the email about the phasing out of free certificates, we were first shocked, then devastated, then disgusted. However you word it, what you are essentially saying is ""Screw free education, we've now gained publicity, we'll stop the free stuff, which was our aim in establishing the website in the first place."" It is not some but millions of people who cannot even imagine to afford to pay for your ""verified certificates"" - as you put it - that Udacity has let down. We feel cheated and let down. In my personal case, for instance, $150 a month means 15,000 in my local currency (NRs). For a student whose monthly expenditure including fooding and college tuition is less than half of that, I cannot even imagine paying for these certificates. It would take me a year to save the money for a months' payment, and so is the case for millions of people in nations like mine. Yes, we know what you'll say: ""The courses are still available. It's just the certifications that have been phased out.: But un-certified information was always available all over the web. Even University syllabus based lectures and videos are freely available all over the internet. Without the certificates (yes even free ones), there is no way of proving if we actually did the course. We all are seriously disappointed and deeply hurt by this action. We can only hope the people at the top level of Udacity are listening. Don't do this! Don't move away from why you were established in the first place! Don't take away this beautiful thing that is free education!!"
"I have a basic intuition that had the Broca's area developed faster than the Wernick's area, that would imply that infants may have the ability to produce sounds in their own style to express their thoughts than to use the words prevailing in the language spoken by their parents. This may result  in invention of new a language for every child born; and now, the parents have to adapt and understand what the child is saying!!  How funny is that... "
hello, i don't  know where are the pdf to reinforce the studies 
This may be a bit off topic, but I really like your dress/top in this video Lauren! :) 
"So check your understanding:
Do you think Dr. Zelig has the personality of a diva or of a couch potato animal? lol. There's a bit of a black and white thinking in her. I really appreciated the two structuring questions of Lauren here, well done Lauren. "
I thought that the part which activated at the time of emotional pain was the same part as that of physical pain... It would be really appreciated if someone could clarify this for me. Thanks. 
I've often had this concept in my mind that love isn't exactly what we see in the movies. Usually we see (at least I do) that the main actor madly falls in love with someone. However, infatuation is defined as having intense passion for someone without thinking sensibly about the situation. So, considering this definition, can we say that a person can't actually fall in love? It must be infatuation, right? Because really, falling in love with someone isn't exactly sensible... madly falls sensibly fall falling
Psychology studies human behavior clinical psychology  social psychology  are currently the most used here in Salvador-Bahia-Brazil.
atuar nas reas de educao bem como, ajudar as pessoas e realizar a valiaes psicologicas.
a psicologia biolgica trabalha com processos mentais.
"Can't the correlations take a range of over 1.0, or under -1.0?
For example, an exponential growth rate whose effect exceeds 1.0? "
"According to BBC report 99% doing mastorbation including priest , children and old age people .
the remaining  1% say lie     "
"I took the Project Implicit test. It's very strange to me that I'd judge a person in a photo based on a nonsense weird next to them. If you put any photo next to ""Arupalooloo,"" it doesn't change how I feel about a person making a sour face. "
i really like this critical thoughts part (and reference to lesson 2).
In India there was a gang rape cace in 2012which got a lot media attention. A lot of people were asking the question on why nobody came to help the girl as her friend was crying for help. Many people said the people are selfish or they are too afraid of police to get envolved but it seems to be a a bystander effect gang rape cace in 2012 bystander effect
"I am new to Udacity,  this is the first course I have signed up for. I only started it yesterday and so far I am really enjoying it.
I live in Bulgaria, formerly from the UK.  I am retired and I would class myself as a lifelong learner. I love philosophy and I am just getting into psychology.  I hope to learn a lot on this course and gain a better understanding of human nature and behaviour. "
Also keep in mind that depressive people attribute negative experiences: internal, global and stable !!!
"I preferred to use a Semantic approach together with 'chunking', for example: Vegetable - Animail - Mixed or:
Flour makes Bread.
Milk and eggs are used for Ice-cream...
Soda has no Vitamins.
Cheese and Tomato Ravioli.     Etc."
This is the youtube link to the nine emotions expressed in south indian art that dates back more than 2000 years. Most of the south indian dance forms rely on facial expression to communicate emotions. http://youtu.be/Qr6Vg_k0pxw http://youtu.be/Qr6Vg_k0pxw A guide to Kathakali:   A guide to Kathakali:
Even with the correct answers, Its showing that they are wrong well please solve this for me.
I give up. I have tried so many different ways to  answer to this question.  Is it the forebrain or not?
Introvert and extrovert - why personality and not behavioral?
I don't believe in this human evolution, from apes to man and we still have so many apes around. The bible creation of man is very clear and not confusing. Why do will still have apes existing in our world
i tried 10 to 100 all are wrong when the real answer is 50% rem and 50% non rem . well please clarify
"I think a lot of people in the experiment can't map the shock's voltage to how much it can hurt. (Try selecting only electrical engineers as teachers) I suggest shocking the teachers a bit (probably up to 20volts?) and educating them (by showing them videos) about how much pain 60, 110, 220 and 450v can inflict. We can also conduct the same experiment by using punishments which degrees of pain are known to the teacher:
- ""hit them with a ruler""
- ""whip them""
- ""shoot them in the foot""
- ""decapitate them""    "
I dont know the answer. Please help. Ive tried everything that makes sense.
"tip for Lauren:
Persuation shouldn't be called theory here. Because the ""foot-in-the-door-technique"" also creates cognitive dissonance which enables the change of attitude.
Yo could do your ""switch of gears"" in another way though. You're coming from the gimmicks of attitude-change(sales mostly, not so much in therapy since it obviously is not very transparent to a client) to an explanatory point of view(theory).
x M.   "
In seconds 37 to 43: to the example(you provided the negative consequences, what can be done by smokers) you say: you are changing the behaviour in order to be more consistend with the dissonant cognitions. But what should be said here is: when you change your behaviour(in the appropriate way i.e. sellf-help-group etc..) there is less need for dissoziative/dissonant cognitions(regarding your perceived self).
"Those ways of reducing cognitive dissonance seem rather arbitrary to me lacking a degree of consequence's and time perspective.
Normally you do not try to ""just"" be forced to do something differently in things that matter and have serious consequences. Normally you confront yourself with the (theoretical) consequences and as they are here you might rationalize in the beginning. As you mentioned in the context of Kbler-Ross you might be denying, but you'll eventually end up (as piaget had put it) in assimilating the ""new"" information or accomodate the (internal)structures you already know. Whether you do this by acquiring positive arguments for your behavior or whether you change your behaviour(which has to go hand-in hand with the cognitive restructuring) doesn't matter. So the first and third possibility are the same process. And if you see it long-term the second option can't be kept up with serious consequences.
M.S.    "
"Why do you often find the term aggression defined in connection with the intent to harm? Evolutionary this makes no sense. 
When all of a sudden confronted with a snake, your amygdala is activated. But the the aim of the automatism and aggressive behaviour is the survival and presence of the species. Of course learning processes can lead you to activate the amygdala in totally different situations, especially when you want to maintain a hierarchy (evolution supported this too). In both examples you might not have intendet to do harm, whether you did or not.
Another example: Someone is so hungry that she steals someone else's food. An aggressive deed. Do you really think she intended to rob one's fame by doing so or hurt a moral code or make the other person suffer in the first place?
If aggression should really be defined in connection with ""intend to harm"" I have to know what the same motive is called an organically ill person has (e.g. Phineas whose frontal cortex was blown out). Why do you want to neglect the biological basis and artificially divide into two parts of the same scale?  Besides, also according to your examples, you do not always decide when to become aggressive.   "
I know we can't hear over 20,000 HZ but I'm wondering if a sound higher than that (like the Megga dog series 30000) could actually hurt our ears? Would it be bad if we heard it on a long-term basis?
"I decided that, since this question is so touchy, I would post the input terms as they need to be spelled to pass the question (at least, this one worked for me). You must be EXACT to the character, including case and punctuation. In no particular order, here they are: Peripheral
Central n.s.
Autonomic n.s.
Somatic n.s.
Back to normal
fight or flight       Not so bad, but you needed to figure out that the ""."" had to be dropped from ""Peripheral"". Someone should probably do something about this..."
"what's wrong with these * antipsychotic drugs?
a lot of side effects * * "
Hi, is there a certificate when you finish this course?
 How are you I'm new here, I can  find you help me
where i can find the aqsminstion
"Hi I've given the Final Practice exams but I can't seem to find the certificate in my account. Please help. Thank you.
Rohit. "
The Random Assignment method is supposed to element bias by flipping a coin. How would this even create equal participant groups and is this method universally accepted? From a statistical point of view and a control based experiment point of view, I find this hard to believe. Or is it simply because it's not practical to create 100% unbiased groups and a coin toss is your best option?
I'm an IT Graduate, but have always had an interest in Biology, the working of the Mind and the nature of Intelligence. This course was one of the first I took in the recent past, which was not directly related to my work in Software Development, and I thoroughly enjoyed it, Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to utilize my spare time productively, and for creating a course which covered all my interests at once!
I wonder about cruelty, about killing without suffering and regretting.  I wonder about human condition. How can human beings be so cruel??  Thank you. 
My questions is why can we encounter people that have a very possitive view about life and people that feel miserable even if they recognize that their lives are complete or they have everything a person would desire : health, family, work, love, friends...  Some people commit suicide just without any material reason, they just feel miserable and depressive all the time. What does this happen? 
"Hey guys I hope we can discuss this question I FRANKLY DOUBT IT. The thing is like that: If I make my coworkers ""follow my game of high fives"" they can feel in the compromise of smiling just for politness and they can even be hating the stuff I am doing but they just don't show it. "
Especially, how can it affect children? How many generations can suffer of the effect of post traumatic stress after a war? What could be the signs or are there any common factors? 
"I believe this to be the best example you have come up with so far: it is concise but also illustrious.
Maybe you should mention that ""...all of a sudden a cat comes along and snatches it..."". Nevertheless I liked this short story. Please come up with more of those little funny but at the same time concise meme-stories!! "
"I totally agree, this is one part that was missing in the context of coping too. However (as I mentioned earlier) you now also need to change Susan's definition of ""aggression"".
M.S. "
"Which line is closest to the standard line?  I interpreted this question to relate to space distance or proximity to the line, not the length of the line, so I picked line A, which was closest to the standard line.  Instructors should be careful how they word the question to avoid ambiguity.  ""closest to"" does not indicate the scale by which the comparison is being rated."
"
comment: the question Lauren asked was how culture influenced sexual behavior. This includes that it is influenced culturally.
Among the things which should not be left out here too are also the ways people communicate with each other otherwise, or the means and ways people are informed or controlled by jurisdiction. I.e. whether sexual activity is discussed as a way to/part of health and i.e. what does the costs-benefit analysis look like in the community/state etc..
 comment: the question Lauren asked was how culture influenced sexual behavior. This includes that it is influenced culturally. Among the things which should not be left out here too are also the ways people communicate with each other otherwise, or the means and ways people are informed or controlled by jurisdiction. I.e. whether sexual activity is discussed as a way to/part of health and i.e. what does the costs-benefit analysis look like in the community/state etc.."
If you haven't, it's a classic.  The whole idea of demotivational management is on display, and the movie is hilarious.
it seems to be very specific. So can i assume that, similarly, there are teen psychologists, adult psychologists and old-people psychologists?
do i get any kind of certification for Introduction to pschlogy course pls mail me information to seerlasaikumar.a2@gmail.com
I really did not do so in an attempt to cheat out of answering the question ... but seeing the previous discussion made it impossible to resist trying this ... not dragons also works ... though i am guessing there is no wrong answer here ... but more of a self exercise for us ?
"I understand that an environmental factors could trigger of a mental illness such as schizophrenia but I don't get how food intake would be a factor of turning on a ""fat gene""? I mean, IS THERE such a thing to turn on? I thought the scientists are still arguing about it? "
How can psychology help us make sense of the world? The world doesn't have a mind. That's the realm of the physical sciences. The human world maybe.
I wonder how masculine and feminine chores were defined in this study. Surely these are things dictated and coloured by the culture of a society and not a clear cut objective definition of what classifies women's work and men's work.
I vaguely remember seeing some documentary on evolution (can't remember the name of it unfortunately) which said that we have larger brains at the expense of our heart. That is our heart has to do much more work to maintain us because we're so darn clever and as such this makes us more susceptible to heart problems and heart disease than say our primate cousins. Any one know if there's any truth to this. Seems plausible to me but it would be nice to have someone more knowledgeable elucidate on it.
What I'm asking, if a change occurred in a sperm cell is it likely a epigenetic change happened elsewhere in the body too? Can lifestyle, behavior and environment affect how genes are expressed in a single lifetime or are we totally enslaved to our genes and any attempts to break the mold won't change diddly squat? (With the exception of coitus as a behavior. I hear its very super effective.)
Well you can influence some it surely. Relax and your heart beat decreases, go for a run it increases. And obviously there are things which are impossible to influence like the production of stomach acid or the production of waste matter. But breathing. I do it it automatically but the moment I think about it I'm doing it consciously and of course if I want to I can hold my breath or very forcefully and on purpose hyperventilate (If I really wanted to.)  So..... blurred lines much?
"I don't know if this is related but this mirror test made me think of this:
I remember reading somewhere that if you try and do as many day to day tasks with your non-dominant hand you can essentially train yourself to become ambidextrous and it also has benefits with regard  hand eye co-ordination and learning new skills etc. Or on the contrary is a damaging thing to do?
I know of some cases, at least before I was knocking around, where teachers would force left handed children to write with their right hand. I don't see why they'd care frankly.   I never had the discipline to follow through with this because I always just forgot about it. Any truth to this or does paper not refuse ink?"
The thing I don't like about these personality tests is first, there is no nuance so I often feel like the questions are pretty narrow and stupid when I'm answering them and then secondly they fail to allow for the fact that personalities change over time. If I take a personality test one year and I take it the next and the results are different why does that indicate an unreliable test rather than indicating that life happened in the meantime?
I've seen it said that someone could be a schizoid but be quite adapt at masking that fact, presenting with an engaging personality in work environments or at social functions they are obliged to attend. Could such a person just have a very eccentric or private personality and not necessarily have a disorder? Any truth to this or would someone genuinely schizoid find situations like that impossible to deal with?
"Was always generally skeptical about psychology, particularly when it came to things like psychiatric treatment and classifying personalities, but I got a lot out of this course and it has definitely inspired me to investigate further into this field. Thanks so much to everyone involved in making this material. Also the quirky and utterly ridiculous humour throughout kept my attention and made me smile and I will probably revisit the material in future. 
(Also, this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMJa__ZnAME)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMJa__ZnAME If you do any more of this stuff I look forward to it."
"I know someone with schizophrenia.  She smokes about 5 packs of cigarettes a day, and drinks coffee like nobody I have ever seen.  I would guess she probably drinks 3-4 pots of coffee a day.  Is this caused by dopamine or is there some other craving that schizophrenics have?  I say ""schizophrenics"" (plural) because I have seen others in the mental hospitals and they all seem to crave cigarettes and coffee."
And why would it influence the mice the way it did?
We come in this world alone, and we leave alone as well. No one is there to enter that new realm of existence with us. My fear, is lying on my death bed and feeling dissatisfied with my life. Now, I can assume that this may be a thought people tend to push out of sight. The reason this has become a concern is because it's become harder to live in the present moment and not hope for more. I purposely try to do things that I don't care for now because maybe In the future I will. I am driving myself crazy with this. 
please how to i access the questions to be answered at the end of each section?
"WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT
am i hallucinating or did her hair just suddenly get pink highlights "
"Then is it true that left-handed people are more ""creative"" and right-handed people are more logical?
Or is the part of the brain that focuses on handedness completely unrelated? "
"MAYBE im not seeing it right
but they give you two options for an answer
but three questions
I cant see this clearly and i dont know why
its probably really obvious    "
"If the answer choices are given with the 1st letter capitalized then it should NOT be counted as wrong when I capitalized the first letter. I have noticed this in earlier lessons but overlooked the inconsistency but this is really starting to be annoying (especially when the answer choice have the 1st letter capitalized and Lauren capitalizes the answers in the answer video.)
This issue of the caps appears to only effect the iPad interface. "
"Hi, 
Does anybody know how to skip this question...it does not seem to have right answer...
The only acceptable one would be that one group was given coffee and the other one coke, however the computer says try again and because of this I cannot move onto lesson 3!!!
Please help somebody, thanks:)   "
I have gained a greater appreciation for psychology and awareness for not only myself but people in my world
Why is working the correct answer? Why not echoic or echoic memory?
This lesson gets cut off in the iPad interface. I needed to watch it on my laptop in order to get it to complete.
Is it papillae by any chance? Or maybe papilla is a plural in which case, what is the singular?
E stands for Emission, not Emisson.
Can u define the difference between Objective and Subjective and give an example for each
When you spend resources on a purpose and get the opposite effect. Isn't that a negative correlation?
as opposed to say, i don't know, parenting
I do believe that amoebas are actually protists, not bacteria. But then again, it's a single cell organism.
What happens to a childwho has gone through a positive attachment period in infancy but then goes through a traumatic event that undermines trust, e.g. rape as a toddler? Will the basic trust override the trauma so that the child will be able to form normal love relationships at the same age as others with or without therapy, if the event was a one off occurrnce? What if the abuse was done by a person the child had previously known trusted, such as a relative or a family friend - how would it compare to trauma caused by someone unknown tothe child?
But whatabout children, do they go through the same stages if a loved one dies or if they are going to die themselves? Do all the stages happen only whena child is old enough to understand the finity of death even though it hasn't happened yet? At what age is a child capable of this? Would younger child not try to bargain with God or someone else about for mummy's grandma's etc return even after death if she is is  very young, although the death has been explained to her. Will a child of a divorced paarents go through similar stages if contact of the absent parent will stop entirely? 
Are there any conditions or condition where a person suffers from lack of selective attention?  I'm thinking of two possible cases. ADHD, the hyperactive type child who pays attention to everything all the time so cannot concentrate on one thing, e.g. task in class. It is as if the brain cannot differentiate what stimulus is important and what is not (is like an infant?)  The other might be certain type of autism, where the stimuli is so overwhelming that the person becomes disorientedand cannot cope but has a tantrum (as a child maybe even as older) or withdraws into inner world. Any thoughts? 
i think language is learned just as any other skill or subject is. it is the most important building block for  future learning, but still a component of learning.
What causes Sleep Apnea? Could this be a reason for cot deaths, where otherwise perfectly healthy baby suddely stops breathing when sleeping? Maybe the baby doesn't recover from it like an adult because its brain isn't yet fully developed?  My first born displayed the same symptoms when he was an infant. I had verey little sleep because when he stopped breathing I had to wake him up practically every time. Sometimes slapping of feet would do the trick. My mother and grandmother suffered from Sleep Apnea andI suspect I do too, so that's why I connect my baby with Sleep Apnea. Luckily my son slept in my bed so I could feel the lack of chest movements.  Anyway, it's just a thought.
i don't get it i hate math and i dont understand this part even i saw the link on wikiHow and it's helpless 
Hi everyone, My name is Emily and I'm conducting a survey of Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) users as part of my doctoral research at the Australian National University. As a Udacity user, I would really appreciate your input. The survey is targeted people undertaking the free courseware stream of Udacity's courses, rather than the fully paid course options. The main focus of the survey is on your attitudes and experiences of MOOCs as someone who uses such free online courseware.  The survey is targeted people undertaking the free courseware stream of Udacity's courses, rather than the fully paid course options. The survey can be accessed here https://apollo.anu.edu.au/apollo/default.asp?pid=8079. Respondents say that it takes 10-30 minutes to complete. https://apollo.anu.edu.au/apollo/default.asp?pid=8079 If you have not already completed the survey, please consider doing so now. Your responses are highly valued and will help create greater understanding of MOOCs generally. If you have not already completed the survey, please consider doing so now. Thank you for your time and consideration. Kind regards, Emily Longstaff
Would it be dangerous?
I typed: dangerous/danger/ dangerousness............ none!
I heard about restriction enzymes that can cut desirable strands of DNA. And then we can replace it with some other strand. So I was wondering that for a particular trait to be expressed in grown humans, do we have to do this to every cell with DNA in it. Or we could just do this to the cell  where the gene is expressed. Lastly, is it actually possible to do this with a zygote?????
Actually, I usually eat my main meal right before going to bed and I actually sleep better that way. If I have eaten a little earlier, I have at least a snack. Maybe because my body has adapted to my eating habit? My friend often does the same and so does my son. 
If we lose muscle tone during REM sleep, then at what stage does sleep walking occur? Or is the NOT losing muscle tone during REM sleep a part of the sleeping disorder?
did anyone else have the right answers and it was marked wron?
can someone please tell me the correct order of 22 problem. i tried a lot but can not find out.
how can you delete posts?? i keep seeing mine
A) A recovering drug addict moved into same block where I lived and being neighbourly I visited him sometimes. He told that he was hooked the first time he tried the drug: it felt like he found something that had always been missing from his life.  B) I once saw a TV documentary a out people who were born depressed, who never had experienced happiness. It often took them many years to realise that they were depressed, because of the lack of comparison. According to the documentary these people's body did not produce dopamine or serotonin or endorphin or the levels were so low as not to create a positive reward. I wonder if there are more people that become addicted to drugs because of people like A or if if psychoactive drugs would stimulate the production of dopamine in a case B?
I don't quite catch what the reeptors are and there aare no subtitles.. Can someone tell what they are?
There are no subtitles forthis video and didn't catch what is said between 0.59 and 1.09. Ayone?
I experimented with cannabis twice. The first time someone put it into hot chocolate because I don't smoke. I drank from his mug, despite him warning it being stronger ecause of his tolerance, to fully experience the drug. I went through the high with giggles, which then turned to slight paranoia. At this point the personsuggested I would go to sleep and I agreed. I was left alone. I experienced a hallucination of the walls leaning towards the room and swinging back again.  Now I have spoken to a few people since and surprisingly many have admitted of feelings of paranoia when coming down from high. One woman in hospital told me that despite never having any history of mental illness, she once went into marijuana induced psychosis, believing someone was after her - so she made a rope ladder from bed sheets and proceeded to escape from the window of her second floor apartment.. Unfortunately the knots became undone and she fell down... which made her paralysed from waist down. She still continued to smoke cannabis and never had another episode again.  The people's stories makes me wonder if cannabis induced paranoia on high doses (maybe not every time) is more common that is reported? My son found an article that reports it being about 20%. 
As time progresses we tend to not like some particular drinks. what kind of behavior can this be described as?
Can someone give examples of neutral consequences?
I need help with the 2nd, 18th, 19th and 20th Question.
Why Behavioral Psychology has nothing to do with the reactions of introverts and extroverts in different kinds of enviroments?
"Okay,how about this definition: Hypothesis is the result of a survey.Because we  can survey only a limited sample and not the whole population it is practically not possible to prove or disprove the hypothesis.
Even if we repeat the study with lot of other samples we cant be shure at the end,that our found relation from all of these studies does really count also on the whole population.  A theory is a result of a practical experiment.Anyone else can repeat the same experiment and proove or disproove the theory.Other people can also think about other experiments to disproove our theorie.So the theorie is a way to explain the results of our experiments.it is accepted as right and prooved as long ,as nobody comes up with another experiment disprooving our theorie.So if someone comes up with a new and clever experiment disprooving our theorie,it would be verry nice,if he would come up with a better theorie that explains all the old experiments and his new experiment disprooving our old theorie too."
when we are designing a new experiment,we do this to see the relation between two ore more variables. So in this context what does dependable/independable mean? I mean,we dont know yet,if there will be any relation between the so called independable variable and the dependable one. What if we find out f.e.,that drinking various amounts of coffee would not have any effect on the speed of our reactions. Ok,we could say the relation is,that there is no relation at all. But in this case the so called dependable variable (reaction time) does not depend in any way on the so called independable variable(amount of coffeine consumed). This seems not very logical for me.
"As much as I know (think to know) homo sapiens and h. neandertalensis are to totally different species. I think that most antropologists believe even that the might not even be able to crossbreed. So as the graphic showed they were existing for a quite long time both beside each other on this earth. But how was the relation of these to species? Was there probably a neandertalensis sapiens species from crossbreading that is extinct now? Where these to species just concurents if living in the same area probably even fighting each other for food to gather or hunt? And why does neandertalensig get extinct and sapien survived (at least for now.. ;-)  )?? And looking at genetics: I thought sapiens has more in common genetically with erectus or habilus then with neandertalensis ."
What you (the staff) mean,if you state,homo sapiens has bigger brains compared to our nearest relatives the chimpansee. So probably you mean the relation of brain mas to body mass or do you mean the absolute weight of the brain? Because chimpansee are our relatives it may be logical to compare the sheer size (weight) of our brains. But a bigger /heavier  brain does not automatically give us superior intellectual properties. I am quite shure,tha whaeles,elephants and other species might have much heavier and bigger brains then homo sapiens. So what counts at the end is the structure ! structure How manny synaptics we have and how manny connections between them,how different parts of our brain are responsible for different tasks and how they interact. So if any of you are into It history: The so called colossus computer invented in Bleechley Park to decipher the german enigma codes was big and heavy indeed,but any simple calculator from present time,not to speak about smartphones is indeed much more powerfull then this mass of electronic tubes. colossus computer
So I think it would be much to simple to think of genes as simple switches determining how /what we are. F.e. the gene for the colour of our skin,color of our hair,lenghth of our nose..etc. So I think in reality manny genes are responsible for one of our features and  a single gene  may be responsible for manny different things. So this makes finding the function of found(decoded) genes so difficult. Yes we may have decoded the human genome now,but in most cases we dont have any idea what the genes really do,how they interact to express themselfes in what we are.
"So the eletrical signal tranfered through the axom triggers the release of neuro transmitters. so what happend ato the neuro transmitters,after they crossed the synaptic cleft and got received by the adjactant receptors? If the synapses arent fiering anymore ,is there a process binging these neuro transmitters back to the releasing end of the synaptic cleft ?(are they ""recycled""?) Cells are connected by synapses to other cells.
So if cell a and b are connected does this mean:  They need 2 linking synaptic clefts one where a is the emitting synapse and b the receiving and another one with viceversa function?? 2 linking synaptic clefts So only in this case the synapses can both send and receive information from the other cell  they are connected to ??"
Well as far as I understand the concept of zero zero is zero is nothing to say it this way. So even taking into consideration that the decibel scale is logaritmical,zero diecibel should mean zero sound,right ??? So somehow we were waching al a miracle happening here,someone listening and registrating a sound that is not there ?? Funny thing though...
"So I think to understand this experiment I would have to know more details on how this experiment was really performed. Were the monkeys able to access all two mothers at all time? If so,why wouldnt they at least ""use"" the wire mother for a short feeding time when hungry and den return to their affrctionate cloth mother to comfort themselfes???"
"
A drug is a substance that influences biological processes when
introduces into the body.
 A drug is a substance that influences biological processes when
introduces into the body.  Okay,but is there substance that if ontroduced to the body has no influence on our biological processes??? substance F.e. if I eat an apple (verry healthy i  suppose) is the apple a drug by definition,because it changes some biological processes when introduced ???"
So conditioning in the exaamples of this course were all positive. What if someone uses the conditioning technics for a bad deed. Lets say the military wants to condition  recruts to be verry agressive,lets say a gouvernement(f.e. N.Korea) wants to condition its citizens to love their leader. So I think it could be verry usefull to know about the best ways  to realise someone tries to condition you and what means I would have to resist this conditioning !!!! So I think it could be verry usefull to know about the best ways  to realise someone tries to condition you and what means I would have to resist this conditioning !!!!
So if I want to teach my child to ride a bike: it is necessary that I can explain to him,what to do,if trying to ride the bike. So because I can not pratically comunicate implicit knowledge,I have to try to transform my implicit knowledge of how to ride a bike into some facts,procedures that I can tell my child. Doing this I actually try to transform my implicit knowledge to explicit knowledge. I am aware ,that it might be verry difficult to transform every little bit of my implicit knowledge in this way,it may even be impossible. I can also show my child how to ride a bike ,but this would also need me to get an idea of the procedures to show,to demonstrate. So in general,I was spekulating here,but: How do we teach ,show implicit knowledge to other people ?? How do we teach ,show implicit knowledge to other people ??
"so one way to store information in our long term memory is to organise it in ""schemes"". Everyone of us (at least I do) likes to think ,that we are verry open to new facts and have no prejudices at all. But in reallity,it could be helpfull to remember,that we are all hardwired to use schemes to store information and therefore are verry restricted in our abilities to overcome cliches and prejudices. Perhaps also the storage of information in hirarchys makes it verry hard for us then to overcome old viewpoints of the enviorement and try to see things in a totally new way. The only thing to help us to gain new knowledge from already stored information in a way to get a ne interpretation of the enviorement is the ability to associate the stored information. This association is,I think ,necessary for every new scientific theorie (f.e. special relativity),for every new way to organise us and our society(democracy,comunism),for anny creativity in general. So somehow it seems,there is allways a ""fight"" between hirarchy and thinking in schemes with our ability to associate. Probably we need both,both makes us human at the end and defines the way we think."
"so one way to store information in our long term memory is to organise it in ""schemes"". Everyone of us (at least I do) likes to think ,that we are verry open to new facts and have no prejudices at all. But in reallity,it could be helpfull to remember,that we are all hardwired to use schemes to store information and therefore are verry restricted in our abilities to overcome cliches and prejudices. Perhaps also the storage of information in hirarchys makes it verry hard for us then to overcome old viewpoints of the enviorement and try to see things in a totally new way. The only thing to help us to gain new knowledge from already stored information in a way to get a ne interpretation of the enviorement is the ability to associate the stored information. This association is,I think ,necessary for every new scientific theorie (f.e. special relativity),for every new way to organise us and our society(democracy,comunism),for anny creativity in general. So somehow it seems,there is allways a ""fight"" between hirarchy and thinking in schemes with our ability to associate. Probably we need both,both makes us human at the end and defines the way we think."
"So I believe,what makes our personality,everything what we believe in,what we think is right or wrong ""us"" in general is made by our memory from our stored experiences. So if memory is not reliable ,at least not totally,does this mean,that what we think we are ist to some extend an illusion ??!! And even farer:If it is possible to influence us in a way to give us false memorys: Would this not mean that it is possible to totally change our character? So for example (as a german) making me believe ,making me remember,that jews in general did a lot of bad things (up to your fantasie). Are people actually able to make me become to hate jews or even become a fascist ??"
I think ,that if we have abstract thoughts,are solving abstract problems (f.e. what might be any solution for the so called ucrain crisis) we allways think in language. So if someone has no ability to understand and form language,is this person actually able to have complex and abstract thoughts? So if someone has no ability to understand and form language,is this person actually able to have complex and abstract thoughts? Would such a person not being limited to simple concepts such as: I am hungry,I am tired,the ball is red...etc.  ???
"In most of our western(roman) languages there is a verry simple concept of ""snow"". So ""snow"" is just the white cold stuff we experience in winter. So inuit which are expoed to snow most time of the year have a far more complex concept of snow. The have manny different words to describe different types of snow. So  lets imagine,we would make a trip to Greenland, We would describe the scenery as monoton;a white surface of ice and snow. Inuit would probaly see a very complex and interesting landscape formed of manny different forms of snow and ice."
So if the IQ is the quotient of mental and real age... Adults lets say up from 20 years to 50 or 60 years should have the same ability to solve the problems of the IQ test(if they have no intellectual deficits) So does it make any sense,to talk about mental age of adults ? mental age of adults
I am a Chinese.  We have only one syllable for each number under 10.  I find it easier to remember numbers in Chinese than in English.  Therefore, language ability gives advantages to other abilities.
We should be clever enough to know that there are problems we can solve and problems,we cant. We should be wise enough to see,what kind of problem we are facing. And we should be wise enough to accept the problems we cant solve in the best way possible.
My response to this is - we would want him to forget the conditioned response(CR) he has acquired with his experience. This surely means that ethically we cannot leave Greg in a state that would make him finch every time he hears the bell ring.
"As a german I ask myself sometimes if there  was something special about the personality of germans that made the 3. Reich and the Holocaust possible. If I remember right the Millgram study was conducted just to try to find out,how people (germans) could commit such unhuman and brutal acts of violence as the german Holocaust. So if there are no national differences in the outcome of the study,that means somehow: A holocaust can happen EVERYWHERE,noone can possibly point his finger at ther germans an thinking they are ""different"" a holocaust could not happen in their own country. Making these conclusions I am not denying responsiblity for the german Holocaust. But i think it could be much wiser to focuis on the point what makes humans in general act in unhumane and violent ways instead of trying to find out,what makes germans such violent and inhumane people !!"
"BEST (Bread, eggs, Soda, Tomatoes)
MC (milk, Cheese)
FIV(Flour, Ice cream, Vitamin)
BEST MC FIV ( like BEST HIGH FIVE)- rhyming    "
"A am a bit critical for the so called DSM in its actual version DSM5(Diagnostic and statistical Manual). I have the feelings,that the DSM is growing bigger and bigger with every version,adding new psychological disorders to it with every new version. Especially here in Europe/Germany,there is a lot of scepticism about the question,if all the listed disorders in DSM are really illnesses that need treatment or can also been seen as part of someones personality,a normal psychological challenge for a person for a limited time. Everyone is angry,sad,agressive at some challenging time of his/her life and has to overcome these feelings. Some would even go so far to say that every new psychological disorder found means buiseness for the pharmaceutical industrie and psychologysts and this may be the main motive in ""inventing"" new psychological disorders for every new version of the DSM. that every new psychological disorder found means buiseness for the pharmaceutical industrie and psychologysts and this may be the main motive in ""inventing"" new psychological disorders for every new version of the DSM. Just take a look at the diagnoed cases of ADHD in children in the USA compared to other countrys.
So this of cause is big buiseness for pharmaceutical industrie selling drugs to the worried parents... "
Am I right? 
I need Help. I tried all option. Nothing seems to be the right answer..
could these nuerons which die off never be alive even if someone tries to experience something later in life ?
Does this also appear universal?
"4th item in the sequence has an error.
The error is with the question, not the answer ;-)
I'm sorry to say, but beautiful Lauren has a bug in working memory (literally).
For each item, length is incremented by 1. All besides the 4th item.
4th item has 4 numbers instead of 5 and by deduction - Lauren had an error.     "
i have finished the final and its still orange. i dont know what to do
My progress bar for practice final is still orange, i finished all the questions. What am i supposed to do. This is so annoying. i keep checking over and over again. Its till the same.
What exactly would a forensic psychologist do in regards to a custody battle?
It has been recently proven that plant are aware of their surroundings and can not only hear, but respond to what they are hearing. One could argue that plants have at least some form of intelligence.
"Is it not ""diffusion of responsibility"" ?.. "
Various sources say it is polygenic.
I am playing the video on my galaxy note but can't get any audio. I can get the captions but obviously sound would be better.  There doesn't appear to be an audio symbol for the volume control. Please help.
Hello, My name is Leonie and I started this course just yesterday. I'm already on lesson 3 but I was wondering besides the videos and the transcripts are there any other things we need to read and download or are all the answers of the final exam/test in the videos? Plus if a person completes this course do they get a certificate automatically?
I can't find the page where it says what the assignments I have to do are. I keep on getting emails saying that things are due when I don't even know what they are. Can someone please help!!
I was just wondering whether there are any assignments in this course or do we just have to take the final exam?
hello dear, my name is Helen and am from Nigeria, I was really happy when I saw the udacity app and i downloaded it on my tab. so i went through the series of course and saw my dream course so i started class immediately. my question is, is this course really free? and will i get a verified certificate when am through? curse it will be a thing of value to me if a can get a verified certificate. thanks a lot from Helen your current student.
Is the Udacity answer 100% accurate? If so am I an anomaly?.
"Hi everyone,
my name is Marie Agut and I am preparing a Master in Educational science in France at the University of Cergy-Pontoise.
I propose you a little survey to give your opinion about self-paced MOOCs and their discussion forums. It will take 5-10 minutes maximum, are you ready? If so, go to : 
http://mha40.limequery.org/index.php/328883/lang-en    http://mha40.limequery.org/index.php/328883/lang-en The survey is in english, but you can also provide your comments in spanish (or french of course) if you  wish, you are all welcome: let your voice be heard!! Kind regards
Marie "
what is the answer for this??!! reflexes of blinking, salivate and startle response is not accepting
what are are assumptions of psychology?
why am i not hearing you?
pongan los textos en espaol!!!!! por favor!!!!
"How do we distinguish types of psychology? and in what manner they are different from each other?
What is the overall use of psychology instead of research and studies and cure? "
I guess that drawing the hierarchy ladder in a snake way is also part of getting through the phobia. I am actually an advocate from Colombia so Im not sure enough of it best regards
Alguien sabe si ste curso tiene subttulos en Espaol, los videos no lo tienen.Gracias
Anybody else associated events in their own life with these disorders . :)
Anybody else associated events in their own life with these disorders . :)
People who are more exposed to stressful situation and strive to be resilient ..Over time they will be more capable of resilience .Their resilient muscle will grow to cope up with excessive pressure and stress ....What you think a} True  b}False c}uncertain ?
A day ago I completed the course but did not find a certificate as well as many previous students (as far as I can judge analyzing discussions' topics). But also I found out that some people eventually managed to get a certificate. Could you please clarify if possible whether any certificate is still available and if so how it can be received? Thank you in anticipation!
Is anyone interested in collaborating and applying the stuff we're learning in class to real life? And if you already have a psych related project, I would love to hear more about it and learn from you. 
"I noticed that I remembered first the items I actually put in my grocery list and that I generally like. However, I had a hard time trying to remember the items I usually ignore in the grocery shop and don't like too much.
Is this because our memory is influenced and shaped by our personal experience and preference? If so, how does memory becomes ""shaped""?  Thanks in advance for the info!"
"Guys here's a video by Paolo Cardini from ted on the topic of attention...
Url---http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YNeyBANrTI
                                                                                           Enjoy...  "
Its not accepting my answer even if its right
The answer is: working memory
"my brain doesn't work as i want?
i want sleep, it's doesn't?
i want remember,  it doesn't?   "
ola chicos no entiendo muy bien la pregunta de la conversacion entre norah y xavier plis necesitao ayuda
"

why people want something special, individual? what is the reason for such type of behavior?


how to make people to see how amazing is our world, nature, culture and art? where is this portal in humans? and why one person can understand its beauty, but another think that he can not?

 
why people want something special, individual? what is the reason for such type of behavior?
 why people want something special, individual? what is the reason for such type of behavior? 
how to make people to see how amazing is our world, nature, culture and art? where is this portal in humans? and why one person can understand its beauty, but another think that he can not?
 how to make people to see how amazing is our world, nature, culture and art? where is this portal in humans? and why one person can understand its beauty, but another think that he can not?"
"would and example of this be;
at around 2 my baby sis and my bro was playing hide and seek and she stood in the middle of the room and closed her eyes then she told my bro to come look for her. she thought that if she couldnt see anyone then that would mean that noone could see her "
Need an example pa this year, please. Thank you
how to contact teachers of this course i want to do research in psychology
I had confidence in order to build my personal family and my personal relationships and gain independence from overriding mother.I was not ready - I studied many questions, but I had a psychological readiness.
Me encantara intentar el curso, pero no puedo poner los sub-ttulos en espaol :(
"We are all surrounded by psychological cases in our daily life, for instances, I have been amazed with several movies like Stanley Kubrick films or Terry gilliam which I have seen since my childhood, I enjoyed those films but now I want to understand the meaning of every story and explore the director's mind through his work.
Tell me, what is your favorite movie within the psychology field?
I love (12 monkeys) and (claroscuro)   Thanks."
Hi I am kiran from Idea. I am come from Technical background as graduate in CS and also working as back-end developer. I need to ask question as is i can able to complete this course as i don't have knowledge in this field. Please let me know so i re-arrange my schedule.
ola disculpa pero tengo un problema que no entiendo nada de lo que me hablan soy de chile y no se de ingles
not everybody is a fan of big  bang theory but there is an example there on operant conditioning.  you can check it out on youtube... sheldon trains penny
"I think extroverts men have children early, because they have a more intense sexual life and that makes attract many women making it the ideal man to copulate and have children. For women teneren extroverted children later, it will be because they want to make the most of their lives and I will decide when they want to have children.
The men introverts teneren children later is because it might cost them emtablar a relationship or are more insecure. For introverts women, I think they have children earlier, because his character devido not have many relationships. "
sir, don't you feel its the iris which actually reacts to the intensity causing pupil to change
For me the steps to go through when a loved one dies are similar to the steps that had to face death.
I am surprised that Herzberg is not mentioned. Why?
"Emotions are physiological responses and do not involve thoughts or feelings. Starting the emotional process with thought is wrong: perceptions are not thoughts! Scherer's model has cognitive appraisal as the first component of emotional processing. Feelings are the conscious translation of emotions into more permanent affective states; they are the consequences of emotions but are not a part of emotions. The easiest way to describe the emotional process I found is this: external stimuli provoke instant reactions from our brain to maintain homeostasis; those basic reactions are then processed by our consciousness to trigger the standard cognitive processes (memorization, processing, etc.). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emotion http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emotion"
Wouldn't it be better to make the described experiment on the same person instead of different groups? Everyone has a different reaction time, and thus I deem the described experiment flawed. This way, we would be able to control the difference in reaction time between people and actually measure the effect of caffeine on the reaction time.
I wish instructors would test the scientific validity of the material they present. Even Wikipedia's got that one right: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rorschach_test https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rorschach_test
Odd number of answers is a bad idea: the middle answer will act as a magnet to undecisive people. Build your tests with an even number of answers.
"in the question 17 of the problem set Dr Careless conducts a study on 12 students by giving them caffeine and caffeine free coke, the right answers for the questions was  the sample size is too small  - what does it mean ? and 
as per my understanding the Doctor has divided the sample size equally 6 member in one group and 6 members in other group then how come this is the right answer   What does sample is not representative mean ? "
Isn't the whole animal personality affair a great example of anthropomorphism?
what  does it mean to match employees to their jobs?
"What criteria are used to decide the minimum sample size for an experiment?
How significant are the importance of the complexity of the experiment and the experiment objective? 
Is there a maximum sample size, and if so what governs it?  "
why do some people talk loude during normal conversation.
Es posible tener este curso en espaol? Este rea me interesa mucho y solo me entero de lo que dicen cuando tengo un diccionario ingles-espaol a mano  y afino muchsimo mis conocimientos de ingles aprendido en el instituto hace bastante tiempo.
how could i collect my certificate for Intro to psychology?
you SHOULD SAY THAT IT IS CASE SENSATIVE
"You need to write ""working"" with capital letter ""W"" - Working"
